♪ >> THE FEDERAL RESERVE HAS
DONE ITS JOB WE THINK
REMARKABLY WELL.
THERE'S NO QUESTION THAT YOU
WANT TO BE MOVING RATES OF
LEASEBACK TOWARD A MORE NEUTRAL
SETTING.
>> THE FED WILL BE LOOKING FOR
TWO CUTS THIS YEAR.
>> YOU HAVE THE FED RATE CUTS
HELPING THOSE SECTIONS OF THE
ECONOMY THAT ARE VERY
RATE-SENSITIVE. ANNOUNCER:
THIS IS "BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE"
WITH JONATHAN FERRO, LISA
ABRAMOWICZ AND ANNMARIE HORDERN.
JONATHAN:
GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING.
"BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE"
STARTS RIGHT NOW.
WAITING FOR CHAIR POWELL.
>> I THINK YOU WILL HAVE A BIG
CUT. I DON'T THINK IT HELPED BUT
CUT. IT IS PERFECT FOR CUTTING.
IN THE THING THAT HE'S HURTING
THE MOST IS HOUSING.
WE ARE DOING WELL ON EVERYTHING.
ENERGY IS WAY DOWN, GROCERIES
ARE DOWN, ALMOST EVERYTHING IS
WAY DOWN.
>> FELT FROM PUSHING FOR JAY
POWELL TO GO BIG AS THE U.S.
AND CHINA MEET IN THE DRUID TO
BRING DOWN THE TEMPERATURE.
CHINA IS RULING THE TECH GIANT
NVIDIA HAS VIOLATED
ANTI-MONOPOLY LAWS.
THAT HEADLINE SENDING THEIR
STOCK LOWER. LISA:
THE BIG PICTURE THIS WEEK AS
THE FED MEETING, WHETHER THEY
CUT, HOW MUCH THEY CUT, AND
THEN WHAT THEY SEE GOING
FORWARD, BUT THEY HERE AND NOW
IS HOW MUCH IS A SIGNAL AND HOW
MUCH IS NOISE HEADING INTO DAY
TWO OF THESE MEETINGS BETWEEN
CHINA AND THE U.S.?
IS THIS TRULY CHINA GOING AFTER
NVIDIA FOR POTENTIALLY
ANTI-MONOPOLY LAWS OR EVEN
ANTI-DUMPING LAWS, I'M NOT SURE
HOW THAT FACTORS IN, OR IS THIS
THEN TRYING TO GET LEVERAGE
USING THE SAME TACTICS THE U.S.
IS USED TO TRY TO GET THE UPPER
HAND IN THESE NEGOTIATIONS?
>> I'M RIGHT THERE WITH YOU,
THE FLEXING OUTSIDE OF MADRID
IS WHAT GETS HER ATTENTION, NOT
JUST THIS DECISION FROM BEIJING
ON NVIDIA BUT ALSO THE
PRESIDENT OVER THE WEEKEND
RAMPING UP THE PRESSURE ON NATO
MEMBERS TO ESSENTIALLY PUT MORE
TARIFFS AND SANCTIONS ON CHINA
AND PEOPLE CONSUMING RUSSIAN
CRUDE. LISA:
SIGNAL OR NOISE, HOW MUCH IS
THIS JUST PUNTING TO SAY IF YOU
GUYS DO THIS TALL TASK THEN WE
WILL DO THIS TALL TASK THAT
WILL ACTUALLY GET US MORE
LEVERAGE AGAINST RUSSIA,
ESPECIALLY GIVEN THE FACT THAT
VIKTOR ORBAN HAS COME OUT
PREVIOUSLY AGAINST PUTTING SOME
OF THOSE SANCTIONS AND NOT
BUYING RUSSIAN GOOD.
AT THE SAME TIME YOU COULD SAY
THIS MAYBE IS A IN THE SAND --
NEW LINE IN THE SAND. JONATHAN:
THE MAIN COURSES ON WEDNESDAY
SO WE GOT DECISION, WE'VE GOT A
FORECAST, WE GOT THE NEWS
CONFERENCE AND WE GOT A CENTRAL
QUESTION.
CAN THIS FED MEET THIS MARKET
BECAUSE THIS MARKET HAS MOVED A
LOT IN THE LAST MONTHS. LISA:
THAT WAS SOMETHING THAT MIKE
WILSON OVER AT MORGAN STANLEY
WAS TALKING ABOUT, PLEASE DO
THIS AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE AND
IF THEY DON'T GET THAT, SOME
SORT OF RETRENCHMENT IN MARKETS.
MY QUESTION IS HOW MUCH DOES IT
MATTER AND HOW MUCH ARE THE
DOTS FUNGIBLE?
DO WE GET THE FIRST DISSENT ON
BOTH A 50 BASIS POINT RATE CUT
AS WELL AS MADE A HIKE ON ONE
SIDE AND THE OTHER WITH THE
GREATEST AMOUNT OF DISSENT
GOING BACK TO 1988?
IS LISA COOK ON THE FED WHEN IT
COMES TO WEDNESDAY?
WHO ELSE IS GOING TO BE
SIGNALING BEYOND THE FED?
THESE ARE THE BIG QUESTIONS
THIS WEEK. JONATHAN:
A QUIET START TO A VERY BUSY
WEEK. EQUITY FUTURES JUST ABOUT
POSITIVE BY 1/10 OF 1% AND VERY
CLOSE TO ALL-TIME HIGHS.
COMING UP, WE CATCH UP WITH
LORI ON RBC ON RISING
VALUATIONS, TERRY HAYNES AS
PRESIDENT TRUMP CALLS ON THE
FED TO GO BIG AND THE FORMER
WHITE HOUSE TRADE OFFICIAL
JOINS US ON U.S.-CHINA TRADE
TALKS.
BEGIN WITH STOCKS NEAR RECORD
HIGHS AS INVESTORS BET ON THE
FIRST RATE OF 2025.
LORI WRITING THE FOLLOWING.
I RACE A CENTER AND ELEVATED
VALUATIONS AND THE TENDENCY OF
SEPTEMBER AND OCTOBER TO BE
TOUGH MONTHS FOR THE S&P 500
PERFORMANCE OVER THE PAST FIVE
YEARS.
GOOD MORNING, GOOD TO SEE YOU.
YOU'VE TALKED ABOUT Q3 RISK FOR
QUITE A WHILE NOW.
DO YOU THINK THERE ARE SOME
DECISIONS THAT CORPORATE
AMERICA NEEDS TO MAKE IN THE
NEXT FEW MONTHS?
>> IT'S BEEN INTERESTING
BECAUSE THAT LEFT LITTLE CHARGE
OF EARNINGS CALL THAT HAPPENED,
FEW ANALYSTS GOT BRAVE ENOUGH
TO ASK ABOUT 2026 OUTLOOKS AND
COMPANIES PUSHED BACK SAYING IT
IS WAY TOO EARLY.
I EVEN SAW ONE COMPANY WHO
WRIGGLED OUT OF THAT QUESTION
VERY ASTUTELY.
AND I DON'T BLAME THEM.
I THINK THERE'S A LOT THEY
STILL GOT TO FIGURE OUT BUT I
DO THINK THE CONVERSATION IS
TAKEN A BIT OF A TURN TO
UNDERSTANDING OK, TARIFF
IMPACTS ARE STARTING TO HIT
NOW, I THE MITIGATION
STRATEGIES WORKING, HOW MUCH
THE MAN WAS PULLED FORWARD?
-- DEMAND WAS PULLED FORWARD?
MOST OF IT IS PROBABLY NOT
PRETTY.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN IT HAS TO
DERAIL US ON THE LONGER-TERM
VIEW BUT I DO THINK IT HELPS
SET US UP FOR SOME CHOP AFTER
WE'VE SEEN WHEN RETAIL STEPS IN
AND WHEN VALUATIONS ARE
STRUGGLING TO MAKE NEW HIGHS.
JONATHAN:
OFFERING SOME KIND OF INSIGHT
INTO 2026 AND AT THE SAME TIME
GRAPPLING WITH WHATEVER C-SUITE
STRATEGY IS ACTUALLY GOING TO
BE FOR THE NEXT FEW MONTHS AND
BEYOND?
>> THE REALITY IS THAT WE KNOW
IT IS A MORE UNCERTAIN
ENVIRONMENT THAN WHAT WE WOULD
PREFER TO HAVE AS FORECASTERS.
WHAT WE ALSO DID LEARN IN THIS
LAST SEASON IS THAT COMPANIES
ARE DOING A GOOD JOB MANAGING
THROUGH. IF YOU LOOK AT THE
TERROR-RELATED SECTORS FOR
THREE Q AS WELL AS THE REALIZED
ONES FOR TWO Q, IT DID TAKE IT
OF A HIT.
I THINK THAT GOT IT KIND OF
UNSECURED AND THE BROADER S&P
BECAUSE TECH MARGINS WERE SO
STRONG WITH THOSE FORECASTS
CAME OUT, BUT THE REALITY IS
THEY ARE TAKING SOME HITS.
THERE'S A LITTLE BIT OF
SCARRING HERE BUT THEY
GENERALLY CAME OUT WITH VERY
GOOD RESULTS AND WE KNOW IF WE
LOOK BACK OVER TIME EARNINGS
TEND TO STAY FLAT IN TERMS OF
FORECAST EXPECTATIONS VS.
WHAT ACTUALLY ENDS UP
HAPPENING, SO COMPANIES ARE
REALLY GOOD AT FIGHTING THROUGH
A COUPLE OF QUARTERS.
THE QUESTION IS GOING TO BE
WHAT IS THEIR GUIDANCE FOR NEXT
YEAR AND WHAT DO THEY DO WITH
MITIGATION STRATEGIES?
WE KNOW THEY'VE DONE A LOT OF
THE EASY STUFF SO FAR, WE KEEP
SAYING THESE NO REGRETS ACTIONS
HAVE BEEN TAKEN.
IT MIGHT BE TIME FOR HARDER
DECISIONS TO BE MADE. LISA:
ALL OF THIS DOESN'T ANSWER THE
QUESTION THAT A LOT OF YOUR
CLIENTS WANT TO KNOW, DO I BUY
STOCKS?
YOU SAID 7100 AT THE END OF
2026 AND PEOPLE WOULD SAY IT
FEELS LIKE THROWING A DART AT A
DARTBOARD.
WHAT IS THE POINT OF EVEN
PUTTING SOMETHING LIKE THAT UP?
>> IT SEEMS WAY TOO EARLY.
I THINK I WAS ON ONE OF YOUR
SISTER SHOWS SAYING THIS WAY
TOO EARLY BUT THE REALITY IS I
STARTED TALKING TO CLIENTS IN A
POST-LABOR DAY RUSH OF
MARKETING AND THE REALITY IS
THAT I WOULD SAY THERE IS A
DEBATE ON THE NEAR TERM, SOME
PEOPLE ARE BEARISH.
I TALKED TO A FAIR NUMBER OF
PEOPLE WHO ARE BULLISH, BUT THE
REALITY IS THAT THE
CONVERSATIONS TURN QUICKLY TO
THE YEAR AHEAD SET UP.
WE ALWAYS UPDATE OUR TARGET
MODELS, SO WE FELT LIKE IT WAS
JUST TIME TO SAY THIS IS WHAT
THEY ARE SIGNALING ABOUT THE
YEAR AHEAD AND WE ARE GOING TO
HAVE TO KEEP REVISING THEM.
BUT THE REALITY, IT SUNK LIKE A
STONE IN AUGUST. SHORT TERM,
THAT HAS IMPLICATIONS.
IN RECENT YEARS IS BEEN A BIT
OF A LEADING INDICATOR, BUT
FROM CURRENT LEVELS YOUR
AVERAGE RETURN IS 15%.
THAT TO ME SORT OF ENCAPSULATES
THE IDEA WE HAVE TO WORK
THROUGH SOME HARD STUFF.
IT PROBABLY GIVES A SIGNIFICANT
LAUNCH PAD NEXT YEAR.
I DO THINK HOW YOU USE
INCREMENTAL WEAKNESS IF IT
COMES IN, BE PREPARED FOR IT,
UNDERSTAND WHY IT IS HAPPENING
AND THINK ABOUT HOW YOU USE IT
FOR THE LONGER TERM. LISA:
IS THE FED CUTTING FOR THE
RIGHT OF THE WRONG REASON,
BECAUSE THEY HAVE TO OR BECAUSE
THEY CAN?
THAT IS THE QUESTION THAT
JULIAN EMANUEL PUT OUT THERE.
WHAT IS YOUR TAKE ON HOW MUCH
THIS COULD BE A DISRUPTOR IN
THIS TRAJECTORY OF SORT OF WHAT
WE'VE SEEN OVER THE PAST COUPLE
OF MONTHS? LORI:
BASICALLY SINCE MAY I'VE BEEN
HEARING TWO OR THREE THINGS
ABOUT THE RALLY ON STOCKS AND
ONE OF THEM HAS BEEN THAT CUTS
ARE COMING.
SO THEY ARE GOING TO BE HERE.
MY RATE STRATEGIST SAYS THAT
SOME PEOPLE IN HIS WORLD ARE
STILL HOLDING OUT HOPE FOR 50.
THERE IS THAT POTENTIAL OUT
THERE.
I THINK AT A CERTAIN POINT YOU
HAVE TO SORT OF SAY IS IT'S
ALREADY BAKED IN?
WHAT IS NOT BAKED IN IS THE
IDEA THAT WE MAY END UP MEETING
THESE CUTS.
GOVERNMENT SOURCES, PRIVATE
SOURCES, OR EVEN SOME OF THESE
BREADCRUMBS, IT DOES FEEL LIKE
LABOR IS IN A WORSE PLACE THAN
PEOPLE THOUGHT A FEW MONTHS AGO.
JONATHAN:
WHERE DO YOU THINK THAT LEAVES
THE TRADE AT THE MOMENT? LORI:
I'M FIGHTING AND FIGHTING WITH
PEOPLE ON THIS.
EVERY STRATEGIST IS OUT THERE
RIGHT NOW TRYING TO SAY BUY
SMALL CAPS.
I SPENT SEVEN YEARS OF MY LIFE
LIVING AND BREATHING THE SPACE
AND I STILL THOUGHT A LOT OF
THE SMALL-CAP PMS. THERE ARE
DIFFERENT INVESTORS THAT YOU
HAVE TO TAKE INTO ACCOUNT.
YOUR LONGER-TERM, HIGH NET
WORTH RETAIL, PRIVATE BANK.
MY SMALL-CAP PMS CARE ABOUT
THIS ISSUE BECAUSE IF WE ARE IN
THIS SMALL CAPS OFF TO THE
RACES, THEY NEED TO DEGRADE THE
QUALITY OF THEIR PORTFOLIOS TO
OUTPERFORM.
THEY HAVE A LEGITIMATE SORT OF
VIEW.
ANY TIMELY DIAL-UP
EXPECTATIONS, THEY SAY THE
ECONOMY IS NOT SO GREAT, CUTS
ARE NOT THE ONLY THING THE
DRIVE SMALL-CAP LEADERSHIP, THE
ECONOMY IS STUCK IN THIS RUT,
AND THEN IT FADES.
THAT'S WHAT I'M WORRIED ABOUT
THIS TIME AROUND.
IT IS STUCK IN A RUT BOUNCING
ALONG THE BOTTOM AND GDP, WE
ARE IN THIS RANGE FOR THE
FORESEEABLE FUTURE.
I SEE RISK THAT IT FADES.
I DON'T WANT TO BE UNDERWEIGHT
BUT I REALLY AND PUSHING BACK
AGAINST EVERYONE. JONATHAN:
YOU AND THE TEAM DON'T BELIEVE
THERE THE ACCELERATION STORY.
LORI:
I'M LOOKING AT 2027 FORECASTS
NOW AND THOSE ARE COMING IN AT
2%. 1% TO 2% IS A CHALLENGING
ECONOMIC BACKDROP FOR STOCKS.
I WATCHED NOT JUST THE LEVEL OF
THE CONSENSUS FORECAST OF
WHETHER IT MOVES UP AND IT IS
TRENDING UP JUST A TINY LITTLE
BIT BUT WE'RE STILL ONLY
GETTING TO 1.7%.
I AM ENTHUSED ABOUT THE FACT
THAT WE FINALLY BROKEN THE
POSITIVE TERRITORY WHICH IS
GOOD FOR THE STORY BUT I'VE NOT
SEEN A LOT OF COMPANIES ON
EARNINGS CALLS SAYING THEY ARE
GOING TO RAMP UP.
IF YOU LOOK BACK AT 20, CAPEX
GROWTH PETER EARLY IN THE YEAR.
I'M HOPEFUL, BUT IT IS A SHOW
ME STORY.
JONATHAN: LITERALLY THAT IS IT.
OUTSIDE OF THAT WE WILL
STRUGGLE TO FIND ANYTHING ELSE.
LISA:
THE ONLY POSITIVE THING HAS
BEEN EARNINGS AND HOW MUCH
COMPANIES HAVE BEEN INCREASING
THEIR EARNINGS.
I JUST WONDER, I WAS THINKING
ABOUT WHAT LORI WAS SAYING,
THAT 50 BASIS POINTS ALMOST
SEEMS TO BE BAKED IN.
BAKE IN WHERE?
IT IS NOT BAKED INTO THE FED
FUND FUTURES MARKET, IT IS
BAKED INTO THE EQUITY VALUATION.
JONATHAN:
THANKS FOR DROPPING BY.
LOOKING AHEAD TO 2026 WITH A
LOOSE PRICE TARGET ON THE S&P
500, CAN I CALL IT THAT?
A LOOSE SECOND-HALF TARGET ON
THE S&P 500 NEXT YEAR OF 7100.
LET'S GET YOU AN UPDATE ON
STORIES ELSEWHERE THIS MORNING.
YAHAIRA:
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP IS
EXPECTING THE FED WILL MAKE A
JUMBO RATE CUT THIS WEEK.
YOU HEARD AT THE TOP OF THE
SHOW SPEAKING TO REPORTERS ON
HIS WAY BACK TO WASHINGTON LAST
NIGHT.
TRUMP SAID I THINK YOU HAVE A
BIG CUT, IT'S PERFECT FOR
CUTTING.
THE MEDIAN ESTIMATE IN A
BLOOMBERG SURVEY OF ECONOMISTS
IS FORECASTING FOR JUST A 25
BASIS POINT REDUCTION IN RATES.
TRUMP ALSO SAID HE'S PREPARED
TO MOVE AHEAD WITH MAJOR
SANCTIONS ON RUSSIAN OIL IF
NATO COUNTRIES DO THE SAME.
MANY EUROPEAN NATIONS HAVE CUT
BACK OR STOP PURCHASING OIL
FROM RUSSIA BUT SEVERAL NATO
ALLIES INCLUDING HUNGARY HAVE
BLOCKED MORE STRINGENT
PROPOSALS BY THE YOU TO TARGET
RUSSIA'S ENERGY SECTOR.
IN SHARES OF NVIDIA ARE LOWER
IN THE PREMARKET FALLING 2.5%
AFTER CHINA RULED THE CHIP
GIANT VIOLATED ANTIMONOPOLY
LAWS RELATED TO ITS 2020
ACQUISITION OF MELLANOX
TECHNOLOGIES.
THEY DID NOT SPECIFY WHAT
REMEDIES IT WOULD SEEK.
IT COMES AS U.S.
AND CHINESE OFFICIALS HAD INTO
A SECOND DAY OF TRADE AND
ECONOMIC NEGOTIATIONS IN MADRID.
JONATHAN:
LET'S JUST CALL IT CONVENIENT
TIMING FOR THAT TO COME OUT
THIS MORNING.
THE PRESIDENT PUSHING THE FED
TO GO BIG.
>> I THINK YOU HAVE A BIG CUT.
I DON'T THINK HE COULD HELP BUT
CUT. IT IS PERFECT TO CUT.
IN THE THING THAT HE'S HURTING
MOST IS HOUSING FOR PEOPLE.
JONATHAN:
MY CONVERSATION UP NEXT WITH
TERRY HAYNES OF PANGEA POLICY.
LIVE FROM NEW YORK THIS
MORNING, GOOD MORNING.
♪
JONATHAN:
THE MAIN EVENT JUST TWO DAYS
AWAY, THIS COMING WEDNESDAY,
THE FEDERAL RESERVE DECISION
WAITING FOR THE STEAD TO CUT
INTEREST RATES FOR THE FIRST
TIME IN 2025.
GOING INTO IT, VERY CLOSE TO
ALL-TIME HIGHS ON THE S&P 500.
EQUITY FUTURES UP BY 1/10 OF 1%.
RATES PRICING SETTING A HIGH BY
FOR DOVISH COMMENTARY AND A LOW
BAR FOR GROWTH TO DISAPPOINT.
THAT IS THE TENSION AT THE
MOMENT. LISA:
THE 50 BASIS POINT OF A RATE
CUT SEEMS TO BE BAKED IN AT
LEAST INTO EQUITY VALUATIONS SO
BOND MARKETS ARE RAISING SOME
QUESTIONS.
IT IS THE TENSION OF HOW THEY
REALLY JUSTIFY CUTTING BIG AT A
TIME WHERE INFLATION IS
ANYTHING BUT QUIET. JONATHAN:
THE PRESIDENT PUSHING THE FED
TO GO BIG.
>> I THINK YOU'LL HAVE A BIG
CUT.
I DON'T THINK HE CAN HELP BUT
CUT. IT'S PERFECT TO CUT.
AND THE THING THAT HE'S HURTING
MOST IS HOUSING.
ENERGY IS WAY DOWN, GROCERIES
ARE DOWN, ALMOST EVERYTHING IS
WAY DOWN, BUT HOUSING BECAUSE
OF THE FED IS NOT WHAT IT
SHOULD BE. JONATHAN:
DONALD TRUMP EXPECTING A BIG
CUT FROM THE FEDERAL RESERVE ON
WEDNESDAY FOLLOWING MONTHS AND
MONTHS OF PRESSURE.
THE CENTRAL BANK LIKELY TO EASE
POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME IN
NINE MONTHS.
GOOD MORNING, TYLER.
>> UNSURPRISING COMMENTS SINCE
WE KNOW HE’'S BEEN ADVOCATING
FOR THIS AND HE COULD HAVE AN
ADVOCATE AT THE TABLE AND THAT
IS BECAUSE A SENIOR AIDE TO
SENATE REPUBLICANS TELL ME THAT
THEY ARE GOING TO KICK IT INTO
OVERDRIVE TO GET THE
CONVERSATION DONE BY TONIGHT.
THERE'S A FEW DIFFERENT
PROCEDURAL THING THAT HAVE TO
HAPPEN FIRST BUT THE SENATE IS
GOING TO OPEN DEBATE ON MYRON'S
NOMINATION THAT IS GOING TO
LAST ABOUT TWO HOURS WHICH
MEANS AT THIS POINT WE ARE
TRACKING A FINAL CONFIRMATION
VOTE AROUND 8:00 P.M.
EASTERN AND AT THIS POINT
REPUBLICANS SEEM PRETTY
CONFIDENT THEY CAN ONLY AFFORD
TO LOSE FOUR GOP VOTES AND AT
THIS POINT IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
MYRON IS REALLY GOING TO LOSE
ANY. THIS COMES AT A MOMENT OF
UNPRECEDENTED CLINICAL TENSION
THE CENTRAL BANK, BUT THE TWO
BIG QUESTIONS BECOME ONE AS
PRESIDENT TRUMP FRAMED IT.
IF TRUMP SAYS THAT HE WANTS TO
SEE A BIG CUT, IT IS LIKELY
THAT MYRON COULD BE LOOKING FOR
50 BASIS POINTS IF HE HAS A
SEAT AT THE TABLE.
BUT AS OUR ANALYSTS POINT OUT,
DIVISIONS AMONG FED OFFICIALS
ABOUT THE WAY FORWARD HERE
COULD OPEN THE DOOR FOR
MULTIPLE DISSENTS AT THIS
MEETING.
LOOKS LIKELY THAT MYRON WILL
HAVE A SEAT AT THE TABLE BUT
ONE OF THE BIG QUESTIONS WET --
IS WHETHER OR NOT LISA COOK
WILL.
A JUDGE SAYS THAT SHE SHOULD
RETAIN HER SEAT WHILE THE
BROADER QUESTION OF HER FIRING
PLAYS OUT IN COURT, BUT I WILL
POINT OUT THAT THE TRUMPET
MINISTRATION HAS ACT -- ASK AN
APPEALS COURT RULED BY TODAY ON
ITS APPEAL TO THAT DECISION.
JONATHAN:
STAY CLOSE, WE WILL CATCH UP
WITH YOU IN THE NEXT HOUR OR SO.
THAT HAS BEEN THE QUESTION ON
WALL STREET, NOT WHERE THEY CUT
BUT WHETHER IT IS 25 OR 50.
JUST TO PUT THIS INTO
PERSPECTIVE TO GIVE YOU A SENSE
OF HOW LONG IT'S BEEN WITH
CONSENSUS ON THE FED, YES, WE
SAW THAT DISSENT IS LAST
MEETING THAT THIS HAS THE
POTENTIAL TO BE THE FIRST FED
MEETING WITH THREE GOVERNOR
DISSENT GOING BACK TO 1988.
YOU COULD GET SOMEONE SAYING
I'M REALLY CONCERNED ABOUT
INFLATION, WE SHOULD PUT A HIKE
BACK ON THE TABLE.
JONATHAN:
I'M WITH YOU, I DON'T THINK
THAT SPEAKS TO THE POLITICS, IT
SPEAKS TO HOW UNCERTAIN THE
ECONOMICS ARE.
LISA:
THIS IS THE REASON YOU ARE NOT
SEEING INFLATION EXPECTATIONS
SURGE.
MAYBE YOU COULD POINT TO ONE
THING YOU THINK LOOKS LIKE A
POLITICAL SURVEY BUT OTHER
PEOPLE POINT TO THE BREAKEVEN
RATES IN MARKETS AND SAY IT
DOESN'T SEEM LIKE THERE'S
REALLY AND INFLATION.
IF THERE REALLY WAS A FEELING
THAT THIS WAS A POLITICALLY
MOTIVATED FED, YOU WOULD EXPECT
MORE OF THAT. JONATHAN:
GOOD TO SEE YOU AS ALWAYS.
IS IT EASIER FROM YOUR
STANDPOINT TO SAY WHO WILL BE
AROUND THE TABLE TOMORROW WHEN
THAT MEETING BEGINS OR WHO
WON'T BE AROUND THE TABLE?
>> I THINK YOU'VE GOT A
SITUATION HERE WHERE WE ARE --
BOTH COOK AND MYRON ARE
PROBABLY AROUND THE TABLE.
DO THEY HAVE INFLUENCE?
PROBABLY NOT.
IN FACT, THE SQUAD HERE MYRON
GETS, THE LESS INDEPENDENT HE
LOOKS AS A GOVERNOR,
CONSIDERING THE SENATE IS
PREPARING TO CONFIRM HIM AS
SOMEBODY WHO IS ON LEAVE FROM
THE WHITE HOUSE. LISA:
THERE'S A REAL QUESTION AROUND
HOW LONG REPUBLICANS AND
COALESCE AROUND EACH OTHER AND
CONTINUE TO PUSH FORWARD
PRESIDENT'S AGENDA.
YOU EXPECT THIS TO BE VERY
CONCRETE AT LEAST HERE IN THE
FED NOMINEES AND POTENTIALLY
STEPHEN MYRON'S CONFIRMATION
LATER TODAY.
HOW ABOUT WHEN IT COMES TO THE
FIGHT OVER THE BUDGET, WHEN A
FIGHT COMES TO SOME OF THE
OTHER AGENDA ITEMS THAT THE
PRESIDENT HAS?
>> ON SPENDING, REPUBLICANS ARE
VERY INTERESTED IN DOING
SOMETHING VERY DIFFERENT THAN
THE DEMOCRATS, WHICH IS WHY
I'VE BEEN SAYING FOR A MONTH ON
YOUR AIR THAT I THINK A
SHUTDOWN IS VERY LIKELY.
WHAT REPUBLICANS WANT TO DO,
AMONG OTHER THINGS IS SHOWN
MARKETS THAT THEY ARE
INTERESTED IN BEING RESPONSIBLE
ON DEBT AND DEFICIT AND ALSO
INTERESTED IN SHOWING MARKETS
THAT IT IS NEW YORKERS SCHUMER
AND JEFFREY THAT ARE INTERESTED
OR NOT INTERESTED IN REINING IN
THE DEFICIT.
WHAT DEMOCRATS NEED,
APPARENTLY, IS SOME SORT OF
DEMONSTRATION TO THEIR BASE
THAT THEY ARE WILLING TO FIGHT
THE BAD ORANGE MAN, SO I THINK
THERE WILL BE AT LEAST A
SHORT-TERM PERFORMATIVE
SHUTDOWN, BUT LEADER SCHUMER
HAS BEEN VERY DEFT IN THE PAST
OVER LETTING PEOPLE KIND OF
SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT,
LETTING HIS COLLEAGUES GO AND
THEN SAYING PRIVATELY SEE, THIS
DOESN'T WORK, WITH GET BACK TO
THE TABLE, SO THE SHUTDOWN ENDS.
BUT THAT DEBT AND DEFICIT
PROBLEM IS REAL. LISA:
I'M WONDERING HOW MUCH THE FED
CUTTING RATES AGGRESSIVELY
COULD OFFSET SOME OF THE
POLITICAL TURMOIL, HOW MUCH
THIS IS NOT NECESSARILY JUST
PARALLEL LINES OF THOUGHT, BUT
ACTUALLY CONNECTED ON SOME
LEVEL.
>> WELL, THEY ARE.
CONGRESS EXPECTS LIKE EVERYBODY
ELSE EXPECTS A RATE CUT OF SOME
KIND, AND EVEN THE FED HAS BEEN
SAYING FOR MONTHS THIS LIKELY
TO BE MORE THAN ONE RATE CUT SO
THEY WILL ANTICIPATE THAT.
THAT TAKES SOME OF PRESSURE OFF
THE DEBT AND DEFICIT MATTER AND
SINCE MARKETS, PARTICULARLY
BOND MARKETS HAVE FOUND A
NEWFOUND AFFECTION FOR TARIFFS,
THE FACT THAT TARIFFS ARE VERY
LIKELY TO REMAIN IN ONE FORM OR
ANOTHER PROVIDES ANOTHER SAFETY
VALVE.
PARADOXICALLY, THAT ALSO ALLOWS
MORE OPPORTUNITY FOR
PERFORMATIVE POLITICAL PLAY
AROUND RATHER THAN LESS.
JONATHAN:
LET'S KEEP IT ON TRADE.
WE'VE GOT THE CHINESE REGULATOR
GOING AFTER NVIDIA OVER THE
WEEKEND.
THE PRESIDENT GOING AFTER NATO,
PUSHING THEM TO THE TARIFFS ON
PEOPLE TO BUY RUSSIAN CRUDE.
I JUST WONDER WHAT YOU MAKE OF
THE TALKS HAPPENING IN MADRID,
WHERE THE REAL PERFORMANCE IS
TAKING PLACE ELSEWHERE.
>> I WROTE THAT MARKETS WILL
CONSIDER THE CONTINUED
ENGAGEMENT THAT THEY REALLY
OUGHT TO CONSIDER IT AS BEING A
MINUS BECAUSE IT WON'T AMOUNT
TO ANYTHING MORE THAN DELAY
MEANINGFULLY ON EITHER TRADE OR
GEOPOLITICS.
THE SIGNAL FROM CHINA HAS BEEN
VERY CLEAR.
RUSSIA GETS A WHOLE LOT MORE
AGGRESSIVE AFTER THE ALASKA
SUMMIT IN PART AS A RESULT OF
NEW ENERGY DEALS FROM CHINA TO
PROP UP ITS ECONOMY.
YOU HAVE YOUR ANSWER THERE.
I'VE BEEN SAYING FOR QUITE A
WHILE THAT THE WHOLE CHIP THING
HAS BEEN A ROPE A DOPE ON CHINA
BASICALLY TO EMBARRASS THE
UNITED STATES.
THEY SAY THEY WANT IT, AND WHEN
THEY GET INTO THEY CLAIM
THERE'S GOING TO BE SECURITY
BACKDOORS AND NEWFOUND
ANTITRUST ALLEGATIONS.
I THINK THAT TELLS YOU
EVERYTHING YOU WANT TO KNOW
ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT CHINA IS
ACTUALLY INTERESTED IN DOING A
BROADER DEAL EITHER ON TRADE OR
GEOPOLITICALLY. JONATHAN:
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK WE ARE
ADDRESSING IN THE SPANISH
CAPITAL?
>> I THINK THIS IS A CLEAR CASE
OF CHURCHILL'S JAW JAW IS
BETTER THAN WAR WAR.
THERE'S LESS BELIEF IN THIS
WHITE HOUSE THAN IN PRIOR WHITE
HOUSES THAT TALKS LIKE THIS
COULD REALLY LEAD TO MUCH OF
ANYTHING.
I THINK WITH THE CHINESE ARE
LIKELY TO DO IS PROVIDE SOME
SMALL WIND FOR THE UNITED
STATES, AND THERE'S A LOT OF
TALK IN THE CHINESE PRESS ABOUT
TRYING TO DO WHATEVER THEY CAN
TO GET TRUMP TO COME TO CHINA
AND MEET WITH XI JINPING IN
PART BECAUSE THEY WANT THE
OPTICS THAT TRUMP IS GOING TO
CHINA TO MEET WITH XI JINPING.
JONATHAN:
ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO GET YOUR
TAKE.
THIS MARKET MOVED ON FROM THIS
CHINA STORE A LONG TIME AGO.
DOESN'T REALLY CARE ABOUT THE
NEWS COMING OUT OF MADRID.
WHAT IT DOES CARE ABOUT IS
ESCALATION RISK.
AS LONG AS WE DON'T GET
ESCALATION, THAT'S OK. LISA:
THE ISSUE IS A EARTH METALS,
HOW MUCH THERE CAN BE AN
ONGOING VOLUME OF ESSENTIAL
TRADE THAT CONTINUES BETWEEN
THE U.S.
AND CHINA, AND ALL OF THIS
SEEMS TO BE THEATRIC WHILE
MAINTAINING THAT BASIC AMOUNT
OF TRADE.
THAT REALLY IS ALL THE MARKET
CARES ABOUT. JONATHAN:
WE'VE GOT SOME MOVERS TO GET
THROUGH.
NOT JUST NVIDIA, BUT TESLA.
STOCK IS UP THIS MORNING IN THE
PREMARKET BY 4.5%.
UP NEXT, WE WILL CATCH UP WITH
THE FORMER WHITE HOUSE TRADE
OFFICIAL ON U.S.-CHINA TRADE
TALKS IN MADRID.
JONATHAN:
SNAPPED A FOUR DAY WINNING
STREAK IN FRIDAY'S SESSION JUST
ON THE NASDAQ.
LONGEST STRETCH FOR THE MATTER
IS THAT GOING BACK TO AUGUST OF
LAST YEAR.
SWITCHING TO THE BOND MARKET,
SNEAKY RALLY IN BOND YIELD
OUTPERFORMING THE FRONT END IN
LAST WEEK'S TRADING SESSIONS.
THIS IS FOR THE SECOND STRAIGHT
WEEK WE HAVE SEEN THE
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE.
THE 10 YEAR, 4.05%.
FOR WEEKS ON THE 10 YEAR BOND.
THAT GETS MY ATTENTION.
LISA:
POTENTIALLY IF WE GET ANOTHER
DAY OF GAINS, THIS WINNING
STREAK GOING BACK TO 2023
VERSUS THE RALLY OF THE BOND
MARKET THAT SUGGESTS A GREATER
DEGREE OF WEAKNESS.
THERE'S A QUESTION OF WHAT IS
BEHIND THE RALLY GIVEN THE FACT
THAT THE FED CONTROLS THE FRONT
END. WHAT DOES IT SAY ABOUT THE
TRAJECTORY OF GROWTH?
JONATHAN:
IS THAT WE ARE SAYING ABOUT THE
RALLY AT THE LONG END OF THE
CURVE? LISA:
DID YOU THINK THERE IS AN
INFUSION OF CASH AND YIELDS ARE
GOING LOWER, THAT IS A GREAT
STORY BUT IT DOESN'T SEEM TO
COHERE WITH WHAT WE ARE SEEING
THIS PAST WEEK.
IT'S NOT THAT I'M SAYING NO
GOOD.
THE STORIES ARE IN CONFLICT.
MAYBE LET'S WAIT TO SEE WHAT
HAPPENS IF THIS IS A HEAD FAKE.
JONATHAN:
GOOD NEWS FOR BOMBS, BOMBS ARE
BEHAVING THE WAY THAT BONDS
SHOULD.
THE WORRY WAS THAT MAY BE EVEN
WITH THE ECONOMIC DATA, THIS
BOUNDS -- THESE BONDS WOULD
RALLY.
I THINK THAT SPEAKS TO A BETTER
PICTURE FOR THE RISK MITIGATION
CHARACTERISTICS IN AMERICA.
LISA:
IF YOU STILL BELIEVE BOMBS ARE
A HAVEN ASSET THIS IS THE BEST
NEWS YOU COULD GET.
IT CONTINUES TO BE THE WAY
THINGS ARE. JONATHAN:
THAT IS A BIG IF.
WE WELCOME IT, THAT'S WHAT WE
DO.
LET'S GET BACK TO SINGLE NAMES.
HERE IS DANI BURGER.
DANI:
IT'S A PUSH AND PULL TODAY IN
VIDEO VERSUS TESLA.
NVIDIA DOWN 2.5 PERCENT.
TARGETING THE COMPANY OVER
ANTI-MONOPOLY CHARGES.
OVER THE 2020 PURCHASE OF
ANOTHER CHIPMAKER.
IT WILL BE LAUNCHING THAT
INVESTIGATION ON THE HEELS OF
THAT HIGH-PROFILE MEETING IN
MADRID BETWEEN CHINESE AND U.S.
OFFICIALS.
OTHER CHIPMAKERS, CHINA
LAUNCHING AN ANTIDUMPING
INVESTIGATION OVER ANALOG CHIPS.
THESE COMPANIES MAKE THE EXACT
KINDS OF CHIPS, HENCE THE
DECLINE.
THE U.S.
ADDING 32 CHINESE COMPANIES TO
ITS ENTITY LIST. FINALLY,
TESLA, A FILING SHOWING THAT ON
SEPTEMBER 12 ELON MUSK
PURCHASED $2.5 MILLION WORTH OF
SHARES -- TWO POINT 5 MILLION
SHARES WORTH ABOUT $1 BILLION.
IN 2022 HE WAS SELLING TESLA
SHARES TO FUND HIS PURCHASE OF
TWITTER.
JONATHAN:
TESLA ABSOLUTELY FLYING.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP PUSHING
FOR A BIG CUT.
HOPING JAY POWELL PRODUCES A
CUT LARGER THAN 20 FIVE POINTS
AND A DOVISH FORECAST ON
WEDNESDAY.
ELSEWHERE, PRESIDENT TRUMP
LOOKING TO TURN UP THE PRESSURE
ON RUSSA ANNOUNCING ON TRUTH
SOCIAL HE'S REPAIRED TO MOVE
AHEAD WITH MAJOR SANCTIONS ON
RUSSIAN CREW IF ALL NATO
NATIONS AGREED TO DO THE SAME.
FINALLY, NVIDIA, UNDER PRESSURE.
CHINA RULING THE CHIP GIANT
VIOLATED ANTI-MONOPOLY LAWS.
THE INVESTIGATION INTO THE 2020
ACQUISITION. LISA:
HOW MUCH IS THIS JUST THEATER
AND THEATRICS VERSUS TO BENEFIT
TRADE PARTIES AND REALITY?
WITH CHINA AND THE U.S.
THERE IS THE ULTIMATE
EXISTENTIAL QUESTION, WHAT IS
THE GOAL?
FOR MARKETS, IT IS KEEP
EVERYTHING NORMAL, GOING.
WITH NVIDIA THERE IS A
POTENTIAL TO THAT RISK.
WITH RUSSIA IT IS A BIGGER
STORY TO ME.
IT IS UNCLEAR WHAT COULD STOP
VLADIMIR PUTIN FROM GOING AFTER
UKRAINE.
JONATHAN: IN THE BACKGROUND SOME
IMPORTANT DEVELOPMENTS ARE
TAKING PLACE. THE U.S.
IS PUTTING MORE PRESSURE ON
EUROPEAN PARTNERS.
SAYING IF YOU WANT US TO GO
HARDER ON RUSSIA YOU NEED TO GO
HARDER ON THE RUSSIAN CRUDE.
CHINA IS THE BIGGER PIECE TO THE
PUZZLE.
THE PRESIDENT IS FORCING THEM
TO MAKE A DECISION WITH THIS
OVER THE WEEKEND. LISA:
THE EUROPEAN UNION DOESN'T ACT
AS ONE.
YOU HAVE THE LIKES OF HUNGARY.
HE CONTINUES TO BUY RUSSIAN
CRUDE.
THERE IS THIS CHICKEN AND EGG
QUESTION. IF THE U.S.
ISN'T GOING TO BE RELIABLE, WHY
SHOULD WE THROW ALL OF OUR EGGS
INTO THAT BASKET?
THIS WAS THE GOAL OF VLADIMIR
PUTIN, TO SPLIT THE WEST. THAT
SEEMS TO BE ON THE PERIPHERIES
WHAT IS HAPPENING. JONATHAN:
IN A MUCH BIGGER WAY MORE
RECENTLY.
LET'S STICK WITH CHINA, U.S.
AND CHINA HAVING A SECOND DAY
OF TALKS IN MADRID.
THE PRESIDENT SAYING THE TALKS
ARE GOING JUST FINE.
PRESIDENT TRUMP:
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THEY ARE
PAYING RIGHT NOW?
DO YOU KNOW WHAT CHINA IS
PAYING RIGHT NOW AND TARIFFS?
A LOT. JONATHAN:
JOINING US NOW IS THE FORMER
WHITE HOUSE TRADE OFFICIAL,
NVIDIA I WANT TO KNOW IF YOU
BELIEVE THAT IS DELIBERATE
TIMING? KATE:
I THINK IT'S VERY DELIBERATE AS
THEY GO INTO THESE TRADE
NEGOTIATIONS.
THERE ARE SOON TO BE
NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE TRADE
SECRETARY, SCOTT BESSENT.
JAMIESON GREER JOINED HIM OVER
THE WEEKEND. JONATHAN:
WHAT DO YOU THINK THE GOAL OF
THE TALKS ARE?
WHAT IS THE OBJECTIVE OF THINGS?
KATE: U.S.
OFFICIALS ARE SIGNALING THAT
TIKTOK SEEMS TO BE THE PRIMARY
GOAL, WHICH IS A BIT OUT OF
LEFT FIELD SINCE IT HASN'T BEEN
IS FRONT AND CENTER AS IT ONCE
WAS.
THAT INDICATES TO ME THEY ARE
SETTING STANDARDS SOMEWHAT LOW.
THE GOAL IS TO CONTINUE TALKING
AND TRICKLING ALONG WHILE THE
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION STARTS TO
CREATE A THREAT AGAINST CHINA
WITH ALLIES AROUND THE WORLD.
KEEP CHIME AT THE TABLE, DON'T
LET THINGS ESCALATE. LISA:
THIS REALLY IS THE REASON WHY
SOME PEOPLE ARE MOVING --
POINTING TO MOVES BY NVIDIA,
GUESS WHAT YOU ARE DOING,
TALKING ABOUT ANTIDUMPING AND
NATIONAL SECURITY.
WE COULD DO THAT TOO.
HOW MUCH OF THIS IS A
PERFORMATIVE ACT?
KATE: I COMPLETELY AGREE.
IT IS EXTREMELY PERFORMATIVE.
THE CHINESE SEEMINGLY WERE
REALLY DESPERATE FOR NVIDIA.
TRUMP GAVE IN, GAVE THEM NVIDIA
AND THEN THEY SAY WE DON'T
REALLY WANT IT.
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME FRANKLY TO
BE THIS PERFORMATIVE.
THIS IS WHERE WE ARE. LISA:
THERE'S A QUESTION ABOUT
LEVERAGE AND WHETHER THIS COULD
POTENTIALLY GIVE CHINA MORE
LEVERAGE.
WE GOT A SLEW OF DATA SAYING
THE ECONOMY SLOWED MORE THAN
EXPECTED.
RAISING CONCERNS THAT MAYBE
THERE COULD BE DOMESTIC
BLOWBACK SHOULD THIS CONTINUE.
HOW MUCH DO YOU THINK THAT'S
AFFECTING THE LANDSCAPE HEADING
INTO THE DEADLINES WE ARE
LOOKING AT IN THE FALL? KATE:
THE UNITED STATES IS READING
THOSE REPORTS AS WELL AND
MAKING THEM FEEL A BIT MORE
EMBOLDENED.
I THINK AT THE END OF THE DAY,
THE UNITED STATES IS STILL
BEHOLDEN TO CHINA WHEN IT COMES
TO THINGS LIKE RARE EARTH.
AT THE MOMENT, I WOULD GUESS
OUR NEGOTIATORS ARE FEELING
GOOD IN THAT ROOM AND THEY
DON'T HAVE TO GIVE IN AND KEEP
THE STATUS QUO.
THEY COULD ACHIEVE SOME SORT OF
OUTCOME AND KEEP THE
RELATIONSHIP GOING ALONG.
JONATHAN:
WHAT IS GOING ON WITH TIKTOK?
THE CHINESE OFFICIALS ARRIVED
WITH A FUNDAMENTAL
MISUNDERSTANDING OF THE
GOVERNMENT POSITION ON TIKTOK?
THE PRESIDENT IS WILLING TO LET
THE BAN GO INTO EFFECT. THE U.S.
WANTS TO KEEP BOTH TOPICS
SEPARATE, WHAT ARE THEY
ACHIEVING?
WHAT IS THE BREAKTHROUGH? KATE:
WE HAVE MUCH LOWER STANDARDS
FOR BREAKTHROUGHS THESE DAYS.
CALL HIM, PUSH.
ON TIKTOK, BOTH SIDES COULD SAY
WE WILL CONTINUE TO WORK ON THE
INTEREST OF BOTH SIDES.
THE PRESIDENT OF COURSE SAID
OVER THE WEEKEND HE DOES NOT
CARE.
THAT IS HIS USUAL NEGOTIATING
STANCE.
CONGRESSMAN LIPPMAN SAID THE
PRESIDENT CARES ABOUT TIKTOK
BECAUSE YOUNG PEOPLE DO.
IT'S GOING TO BE STATUS QUO AND
I THINK BOTH SIDES WILL SAY
THIS WAS A SUCCESS FOR THEIR
SIDE. JONATHAN:
WHY HAS THIS PROVEN SO
DIFFICULT TO DEAL WITH?
THE CHINESE ARE VERY CLEAR
ABOUT U.S.
SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS. WHY ARE
WE STRUGGLING TO DO THE SAME
THING HERE IN AMERICA? KATE:
TIKTOK IS ONE OF THOSE THINGS
THAT HAS BEFUDDLED MULTIPLE
ADMINISTRATIONS.
WE ARE IN SUCH A STRANGE
INFORMATION WHERE CONGRESS HAS
BANNED THE MEDIA APP AND
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS MADE THE
SOMEWHAT SHOCKING DECISION TO
ALLOW IT TO CONTINUE.
THE POWER OF THE APP THAT
NEITHER SIDE WANTS TO GIVE UP.
CHINA RECOGNIZING THAT POWER
CONTINUES TO HOLD ONTO IT.
WE WOULD HAPPILY SELL IN OTHER
CASES.
IT HAS BECOME THIS PUSH AND
PULL OVER SOME ISSUE THAT
DOESN'T NEED TO BE THAT
IMPORTANT TO THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE. JONATHAN:
YOU TALK ABOUT SPLITTING THE
WEST, TALKED ABOUT SPLITTING
THE U.S. OVER TIKTOK.
NEITHER THIS ADMINISTRATION OR
THE PREVIOUS COULD SEEMINGLY
ADDRESS THIS.
THE GENERAL PUBLIC WOULD SAY
THEY DON'T REALLY CARE ABOUT
THE CONCERNS OVER THE SECURITY
LEVEL. LISA:
THAT'S WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD
TO SAY, I WANT TO DO IT FOR THE
YOUNG PEOPLE.
I DID A LOT OF GREAT WORK WITH
THE YOUNG PEOPLE IN THE
ELECTION. IT IS THIS CONFLICT OF
POLITICIANS TRYING TO REACH OUT
TO YOUNG PEOPLE WHILE ALSO
CONDEMNING NATIONAL SECURITY
CONCERNS.
THEY COULD GET YOUR MIND INTO A
TIZZY. JONATHAN:
MAJOR TOPIC OF CONVERSATION IN
MADRID BETWEEN THE U.S.
AND CHINA.
LET'S GET THE LATEST ON NEWS
ELSEWHERE. YAHAIRA:
STAYING ON CHINA, ITS ECONOMY
STILL OWED -- SLOWED MORE THAN
EXPECTED IN AUGUST. DOWN FROM A
3.7% THE PREVIOUS MONTH.
INDUSTRIAL OUTPUT HAD ITS WORST
MONTH OF THE YEAR SO FAR.
MEANWHILE, THE U.S.
HAS EXPRESSED REGRET OVER THE
DETENTION OF HUNDREDS OF SOUTH
KOREAN WORKERS.
SPEAKING IN SEOUL, THEY SAY THE
WORKERS WILL FACE NO
DISADVANTAGE WHEN REENTERING
THE U.S..
OVER 300 SOUTH KOREANS WERE
RETURNED HOME ON FRIDAY AFTER
BEING SWEPT UP IN A RAID
CARRIED OUT BY U.S.
IMMIGRATION OFFICIALS.
TESLA SHARES ARE RISING FIVE
.5% IN THE PREMARKET.
ELON MUSK IS DOUBLING DOWN WITH
HIS OWN COMPANY ACCORDING TO A
COMPANY FILING HE PURCHASED
OVER 2.5 MILLION SHARES OF
TESLA WORTH ROUGHLY $1 BILLION
ON FRIDAY. JONATHAN:
MORE IN ABOUT 30 MINUTES TIME.
UP NEXT ON THE PROGRAM, BETTING
ON THE RECURRING CYCLE.
>> I THINK THESE CUTS ARE
GETTING INCREASINGLY PRICED IN.
THAT WILL BE THE STORY OF WHAT
IS SUPPOSED TO GET THE ECONOMY
MOVING A LITTLE BIT FASTER.
JONATHAN:
A CONVERSATION NEXT WITH
CHRISTIAN NOLTING FROM DEUTSCHE
BANK.
YOU ARE WATCHING BLOOMBERG TV. ♪
JONATHAN:
STOCKS BOUNCING BACK FROM
FRIDAY'S LOSSES.
POSITIVE THIS MORNING BY 0.1%.
UNDER SURVEILLANCE THIS
MORNING, A RATE CUTTING CYCLE.
>> THE MARKET DEFINITELY THINKS
THERE WILL BE THIS
RE-ACCELERATION IN THE ECONOMY.
THAT'S WHY WE ARE PRICING IN
THESE CUTS.
I THINK THESE FADE CUTS ARE
GETTING -- FED CUTS ARE GETTING
PRICED IN FOR WHAT IS SUPPOSED
TO GET THE ECONOMY MOVING A
LITTLE BIT FASTER. JONATHAN:
TRADERS RAISING BETS AT THE
FEDERAL RESERVE WILL DELIVER A
STRING OF RATE CUTS STARTING
WITH 25 POINTS ON WEDNESDAY.
WITH INFLATION APPEARING
CONTAINED AND A LABOR PRICE
EMERGING, THE FED IS BOUND TO
PIVOT FROM ITS STANCE AND BEGIN
EASING IN SEPTEMBER.
WE ARE LOOKING FOR THAT 25
BASIS POINT REDUCTION ON
WEDNESDAY, WHAT HAPPENS AFTER
THAT, WHAT COULD THEY
ULTIMATELY FORECAST AND GUIDE
TO IN 2026. CHRISTIAN:
WE BELIEVE ON THE CUT, THE
QUESTION IS 25 OR 50?
IF YOU GO FOR 50 THIS TIME, DO
THEY KNOW MORE ABOUT THE LABOR
MARKET BEING WEAKER THAN
EXPECTED? I THINK IT'S 25.
I THINK THERE'S ROOM FOR THE
FED TO CUT.
OVER THE NEXT 12 MONTHS, WE
EXPECT FIVE CUTS, A BIT LESS
THAN THE MARKET.
WE THINK THERE IS STILL SOME
INFLATION PRESSURE.
I WOULD SAY IT IS FIVE CUTS
OVER THE NEXT 12 MONTHS.
JONATHAN:
FORGIVE ME FOR GETTING STUCK IN
SOME OF THE SMALL PRINT , WE
LOOK AT THESE PROJECTIONS ON
WEDNESDAY.
IN THAT FOR THE MOMENT IN 2025
THEY HAVE EMPLOYMENT AT 4.5%,
I'M WONDERING HOW MUCH HAS
CHANGED FOR PEOPLE AT THE
COMMITTEE?
THEY DON'T FORECAST PAYROLLS,
THEY HAVE TO FORECAST
UNEMPLOYMENT.
DOES THAT PICTURE CHANGE MUCH?
CHRISTIAN: I AGREE.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE TREND, IT IS
WEAKENING A LITTLE BIT.
I'M NOT SAYING IT'S GOING HI
OUT.
THE FED IS DOING SOMETHING BUT
THEY WANT TO CUT NOW AND FROM
THEIR PERSPECTIVE IT SHOULD BE
POSITIVE FOR THE ECONOMY.
THAT IS THE BIG DIFFERENCE.
NORMALLY YOU CUT INTO A
RECESSION, THAT IS NOT THE CASE.
IT'S PROBABLY WHY IT'S ONLY
FIVE CUTS COMPARED TO THE
MARKET SAYING SIX OR EVEN MORE.
LISA:
DOES THIS MAKE YOU MORE WILLING
TO GO INTO U.S.
ASSETS OR FLEE BECAUSE OF THE
POTENTIAL FOR FASTER INFLATION?
CHRISTIAN:
IF YOU LOOK AT THIS YEAR IT IS
VERY INTERESTING.
YOUR WORK OUTPERFORMED FOR THE
FIRST TIME IN MANY YEARS.
THE SECOND QUARTER, IT CAME
BACK.
IT'S BECAUSE OF A LOT OF
TECHNOLOGY AND AI IN THE U.S.
MY QUESTION IS RATHER DO WE SEE
A CHANGE IN EUROPE AND SEE MORE
ROOM FOR UPSIDE IN EUROPE AS
WELL?
IF YOU LOOK AT RATE CUTS, WHICH
ARE ANTICIPATED, IF YOU LOOK AT
EARNINGS, QUITE DECENT.
EUROPE IS DOWN 1%.
THERE IS A LOT OF DEBATE IN
PARLIAMENT THIS WEEK.
ALSO POSITIVE FOR EUROPE, NOT
ONLY THE U.S. LISA:
I'M WONDERING HOW MUCH YOU SEE
PEOPLE DOUBLED DOWN ON THIS
EUROPE BET.
YOU HAVE FRANCE GETTING
DOWNGRADED OVER THE WEEKEND.
THIS POTENTIAL SPEND BY GERMANY.
THE ECB IS TALKING ABOUT ONE
POINT 3% OVER THE NEXT COUPLE
OF YEARS.
ARE YOU SUGGESTING CLIENTS
DOUBLED DOWN ON THAT EUROPEAN
STORY OR ARE YOU SAYING LET'S
HOLD OUT, WATCH, KEEP HOPING?
CHRISTIAN:
I WOULD SUGGEST TO DOUBLE DOWN.
I AGREE THE ABSOLUTE NUMBER,
1.3 PERCENT DOESN'T SOUND VERY
COMPELLING.
IF YOU THINK ABOUT THE
POTENTIAL GROWTH, 0.4 PERCENT,
MUCH LOWER THAN THE U.S.
YOU COULD BRING THIS UP WITH
FISCAL SPENDING.
YOU UP IS IT UNDERINVESTED FROM
THE REST OF THE WORLD AND ASIA.
THERE'S A LOT OF REQUESTS TO
EXPLAIN, IT NEEDS A TRIGGER AND
I WOULD SAY THE SPENDING FROM
GERMANY COULD BE A TRIGGER THAT
THIS GETS MORE ATTENTION.
JONATHAN:
LANGUAGE IS IMPORTANT, YOU SEND
IT ESPECIALLY FROM GERMANY, IS
IT EXCLUSIVELY FROM GERMANY?
CHRISTIAN:
IN FRANCE THERE IS NOT SO MUCH
ROOM.
LOOK AT GERMANY FIRST. FROM
THAT PERSPECTIVE I WOULD EXPECT
SOME MONEY TO GO INTO GERMANY.
THEY HAVE BUDGET DISCUSSIONS
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK AS WELL.
JONATHAN:
WHO HAD WHAT DO YOU THINK
BENEFITS FROM THAT FISCAL
SPENDING IN GERMANY?
WE HAVE ALREADY SEEN A MONSTER
RALLY IN EUROPEAN BANKS THIS
YEAR? CHRISTIAN:
HERE, THE PICTURE IS A BIT
DIFFERENT.
NOT AS MANY CUTS AS WE EXPECT
FROM THE FED.
NEXT WE HAVE ONE THAT IS A
LOWER LEVEL ACROSS THE ECB.
IF YOU LOOK WE STILL HAVE SOME
OF THESE PRESSURES.
IT IS STILL ON FROM THAT
PERSPECTIVE.
IT IS QUITE INTERESTING TO LOOK
FROM THAT PERSPECTIVE.
IT REMAINS QUITE INTERESTING
GIVEN THE INTEREST RATE
ENVIRONMENT. LISA:
THIS WEEK I'M CURIOUS ABOUT THE
REACTION FUNCTION IN MARKETS.
IF WE DO GET THE REACTION FROM
THE FED THAT THEY WILL CUT MORE
STEEPLY DO YOU GO BY GOLD?
CHRISTIAN: I STILL LIKE IT.
THE NUMBERS FOR US THAT ARE AT
3800.
THAT HAS BEEN QUITE A CALL,
CURRENCY HAS BEEN -- THAT'S WHY
PEOPLE LOOK INTO BUYING GOLD.
CENTRAL BANKS ARE BUYING GOLD
BUT ALSO THESE INVESTORS ARE
LOOKING INTO THIS.
THE TREND MAY CONTINUE.
WE ARE ALREADY ENJOYING QUITE A
NICE AMOUNT OF GOLD.
THIS COULD CONTINUE AS WELL.
THE FORECAST BEING ALL 3800.
LISA:
THIS QUESTION ABOUT GOVERNMENT
BONDS AND THE DEVELOPED MARKETS.
DO YOU VIEW THE RALLY WE HAVE
SEEN IN LONG-TERM BONDS,
PARTICULARLY THE UNITED STATES
AND NOT EUROPE AS REAFFIRMING
THIS QUALITY OF THE SECURITIES?
CHRISTIAN:
I THINK IT'S QUITE INTERESTING.
A LOT OF CLIENTS, YOU LOOK AT
SOME OF THE SIZE OF SOME
CORPORATE, DISCUSSIONS ABOUT
HIGH DEBT LEVELS. U.S.
YIELDS ARE MOVING HIGHER.
THERE SEEMS TO BE LOTS OF
DISCUSSION ABOUT THE U.S.
GOVERNMENT.
SOME FED ACTION COULD ALSO BE
EXPECTED.
IF YOU LOOK AT EUROPE IN FRANCE
MOVING HIGHER UNTIL TODAY, YES
IT IS AN ANCHOR.
I'M TAKING TO ACCOUNT FROM
THEIR PERSPECTIVE INVESTMENT
GRADE CORPORATE BONDS. JONATHAN:
ENJOYED THIS.
IT IS GOOD TO GET YOUR THOUGHTS.
HE LIKES WHAT'S HAPPENING WITH
INVESTMENT GRADE CREDIT, LIKES
GOLD, AND LIKES EUROPE.
WE'VE HAD A 60% MOVE IN
EUROPEANS. LISA:
COMING FROM A LOW BAR AND THE
QUESTION OF HOW MUCH FURTHER
COULD THIS GO?
IT CAN'T GO DOWN MUCH MORE.
IF YOU DO GET STIMULUS, THAT
COULD BE SUPPORTIVE. JONATHAN:
WE COULD HAVE MONETARY STIMULUS
LATER ON THIS WEEK.
THE FEDERAL RESERVE SET TO CUT
INTEREST POINTS LATER THIS WEEK.
COMING UP, THE FORMER NEW YORK
FED PRESIDENT, JUST AROUND THE
CORNER.
>> AS LONG AS WE HAVE A SOLID
ENOUGH ECONOMY, THE BULL STORY
IS INTACT.
>> YOU DO NOT WANT TO BE OVERLY
BEARISH AT THIS POINT IN THE
CYCLE.
>> THERE IS AN OPPORTUNITY COST
IN BEING TOO DEFENSIVE IN THIS
MARKET.
>> EQUITY MARKETS THINGS THAT
WILL BE A RE-ACCELERATION.
>> THE STOCK MARKET WANTS TO
LOOK PAST THE WEAKNESS IN THE
DATA.
>> THIS IS "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE"
WITH JONATHAN FERRO, LISA
ABRAMOWICZ, AND ANNMARIE
HORDERN. JONATHAN:
LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY THIS
MORNING, GOOD MORNING, GOOD
MORNING.
THE SECOND HOUR OF "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE" STARTS NOW.
EQUITY FUTURES ON THE S&P 500
BOUNCING BACK, CLOSE TO
ALL-TIME HIGHS, UP BY 0.2% SO
FAR THIS MORNING.
SNEAK PEEK OF BONDS.
THE TWO-YEAR, 10 YEAR, 30 YEAR.
JUST NORTH OF 4% ON THE 30'S.
IT IS ALL ABOUT WEDNESDAY.
CHAIRMAN POWELL DECISION, NEWS
CONFERENCE, AND SOME VERY
IMPORTANT FORECASTS. LISA:
BECAUSE IT IS NOT NECESSARILY
OVER WHETHER THEY CUT 25 OR 50
BASIS POINTS, IT IS THE
TRAJECTORY OF WHAT THEY SIGNAL
GOING FORWARD.
DO THEY RATIFY THE MARKET'S
EXPECTATIONS OF 150 BASIS POINT
CUTS NEXT YEAR?
I AM WATCHING THE TENS.
TRUMP WAS TALKING ABOUT
MORTGAGE RATES.
LET'S SEE WHAT HAPPENS WITH THE
MORTGAGE RATES IF THE FED
SIGNALS IT IS READY TO GO BIG.
JONATHAN:
IT LET'S TALK -- IS THAT ABOUT
THE PIVOT TO INTEREST RATE CUTS
FROM THE FEDERAL RESERVE OR A
BOND MARKET STARTING TO TRADE
ON THE WEAKER ECONOMIC DATA HAS
BEEN BUILDING? LISA:
I DO NOT KNOW THAT WE KNOW THE
ANSWER.
I WILL BE REALLY HONEST AND SAY
I DO NOT KNOW.
IT COULD BE BOTH, THAT THE
WEAKER DATA SUGGESTS WE WILL
GET THIS RUNAWAY INFLATION THAT
WOULD MAKE PEOPLE CONCERNED
ABOUT BUYING LONGER-TERM BONDS.
MAYBE THERE IS A SENSE OF THE
INCOME COMING FROM TARIFFS.
BUT MAY BE THE BOND MARKET AND
THE STOCK MARKET ARE NOT
TALKING TO EACH OTHER AND THE
BOND MARKET IS CONSIDERED A
ASPECTS OF THE STOCK MARKET IS
IGNORING. IF IT IS WORTH TRADING
WEAKNESS, WHY ARE STOCKS
RALLYING BY THE CYCLICAL VOTES
AND SMALL CAPS? JONATHAN:
THE RUSSELL -- THE RUSSELL HAD
A TREMENDOUS RUN.
LORI CALVASINA SAYING THE
RUSSELL AND SMALL CAPS ARE
TRADING ALMOST EXCLUSIVELY ON
RATE CUT BETS, AND SHE FINDS
THAT PROBLEMATIC.
BECAUSE SHE BELIEVES IT SHOULD
BE TRADING ON THE GROWTH STORY.
LISA:
AND SHE IS TALKING ABOUT PEOPLE
WHO RALLY AROUND IT, THEN LOOK
AT THE FUNDAMENTALS AND SAVE,
"OH NO," AND RUNAWAY.
THE ULTIMATE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
WHEN YOU GET A RISK AS IT RALLY
WEDNESDAY OR NOT WILL BE
WHETHER THE FED IS CUTTING
BECAUSE THEY HAVE TO OR BECAUSE
THEY CAN.
RIGHT NOW, THE MARKET IS
BETTING BECAUSE THEY CAN AND
BECAUSE THE COMPOSITION ON THE
FED WILL ALLOW THEM TO TWEAK
THINGS ON THE EDGES TO HELP THE
LONG END. JONATHAN:
THE RALLY CONTINUES.
COMING UP THIS HOUR, WE CATCH
UP WITH RUSS KOESTERICH OF
BLACKROCK WITH STOCKS RALLYING
AHEAD OF THIS WEEK'S FED
DECISION, HENRIETTA TREYZ OF
VEDA JOINS US AS THE U.S.
AND CHINA HIM OUT A TRADE DEAL,
AND FORMER FED PRESIDENT BILL
DUDLEY.
WE BEGIN WITH STOCKS REACHING
RECORD HIGHS.
RUSS KOESTERICH LOOKING BEYOND
THIS WEEK, WRITING WE EXPECT A
RESUMPTION OF THE FED'S EASING
CAMPAIGN TO BEGIN WITH THE
SEPTEMBER MEETING AND CONTINUE
TO 2026. RUSS JOINS US FOR MORE.
LET'S TALK ABOUT THE
EXPECTATIONS FOR 2026.
WHAT IS THE BIG FOR YOU ENTER
NEXT YEAR? RUSS:
THE BIG VIEW IS THE FED WILL
BEGIN THEIR CUTTING CYCLE.
WE CAN DEBATE HOW FAR IT GOES,
HOW LONG IT GOES.
THIS IS INTERESTING BECAUSE IT
IS NOT JUST THE QUESTION OF IF
THEY HAVE TO, IT IS ALSO THE
CONTEXT.
THE CONTEXT IS WHILE WE HAVE,
GENERALLY, WEAKENING IN THE
LABOR MARKET, WE KNOW THERE ARE
PARTS OF THE CONSUMER SPACE
FEELING SOME PAIN, GENERALLY
THE ECONOMY IS DOING OK.
WE PRINTED 3.3% GROWTH IN Q2.
WE ARE NOT GETTING THESE CUTS
IN THE CONTEXT OF THE COLLAPSE
OF THE ECONOMY OR A RECESSION.
GENERALLY, WHEN YOU SEE THE FED
CUTTING AND THE ECONOMY IN
DECENT SHAPE, THAT, FOR THE
MOST PART, HAS BEEN A GOOD
ENVIRONMENT FOR RISKY ASSETS.
JONATHAN:
THAT IS A GOOD ARGUMENT FOR
EQUITIES, BUT WE ALSO HAVE AN
ARGUMENT FOR BONDS.
THIS RECENT OPERA PERFORMANCE
OF THE LONG END, THE FLATTENING
WE HAVE SEEN OVER THE LAST TWO
WEEKS AND THE PITCH FROM THE
TEAM THAT MAYBE IT IS THE TIME
TO ADD DURATION BACK IN, WHAT
DO YOU THINK IS DRIVING THE
LONG END OF THE CURVE NOW? RUSS:
THE LONG END IS DIFFERENT.
WE HAVE BEEN ADDING A LOT OF
OUR LONG DURATION INTO THE
BELLY OF THE CURVE, THE PART WE
GENERALLY LIKE MOST. WE GOT OUR
DURATION CLOSER TO BENCHMARK.
SO, ONE, A CHANGE IN THE
REACTION FUNCTION FROM THE FED,
BUT THE OTHER FACTOR IS WE DO
NOT BELIEVE WE ARE HEADING TO
RECESSION.
THERE HAVE BEEN CLEAR SIGNS
OVER THE LAST SEVERAL MONTHS.
ONE, THAT DESPITE THE TARIFFS,
WE ARE NOT GETTING THE EXPECTED
SIGNIFICANT SPIKE IN INFLATION.
SECOND, THE LABOR MARKET HAS
SOFTENED SIGNIFICANTLY.
IT CAN, TO SOME EXTENT, SOFTEN
BECAUSE WE ARE IN AN
ENVIRONMENT WHERE THE SUPPLY OF
LABOR IS MUCH SLOWER THAN IT
WAS IN 2023 AND 2024, WHEN
IMMIGRATION WAS HIGHER.
SO A 4.3% UNEMPLOYMENT RATE WAS
NOT SCARY, BUT THE JOBS MARKET
SLOWING, I THINK THE BOND
MARKET IS RESPONDING TO THAT IN
PARTICULAR. LISA:
HOW MUCH DO YOU THINK THE BOND
MARKET IS EXPECTING THE FED AND
THE STOCK MARKET TO WORK IN
TANDEM AND TO GIVE A SUPPORTIVE
-- RUSS: THAT MAY BE PART OF IT.
THE OTHER PART OF IT IS WHILE
WE HAVE A LONG-TERM FISCAL
PROBLEM, ONE OF THE THINGS
OCCURRING IS WE HAVE THE SHARP
JUMP IN TARIFFS, YOU ARE YOU
SEEING A RISE IN GOVERNMENT
REVENUES.
LONG-TERM, WE CAN DEBATE
WHETHER OR NOT THAT WILL BE
OFFSET, SPENDING WITH TAX CUTS,
BUT THE REALITY IS WE ARE NOT
SEEING SIGNIFICANT
DETERIORATION IN REAL TIME.
ONE OF THE REASONS THE LONG END
OF THE CURVE HAS COME DOWN SO
SHARPLY IS THAT TERM TRADE HAS
COME DOWN. LISA:
IN THE PAST WHEN BONDS RALLIED
ON THIS PROSPECT OF SLOWER
GROWTH, THAT WAS NOT GREAT FOR
CYCLICAL STOCKS AND YOU WILL
NOT SEE THIS REBOUND AND
PROFITS.
AT THE SAME TIME, PEOPLE ARE
SAYING THERE IS VALUE THERE
FROM A TERM PERSPECTIVE.
IS IT STILL THE SOFT LANDING
PEOPLE ARE LOOKING FOR?
WHAT ARE PEOPLE GETTING WRONG
WHEN THEY SAY WE WILL GET WEAK
ACCELERATION OR WILL GET SOME
SIGNIFICANT DOWNTURN AS
SIGNIFIED BY SOME OF THE
EMPLOYMENT DATA OF LATE? RUSS:
I THINK THE DISCONNECT IS THE
JUNK SMALL-CAP, LOWER QUALITY
VALUE RALLY.
WE HAVE SEEN A BUNCH OF THESE
BEFORE.
THERE WAS ANTI-MOMENTUM TRADE
IN JULY.
THAT HAS BECOME A SEASONAL
THING.
WE HAVE SEEN FOR FIVE SMALL-CAP
RALLIES THE LAST 18 MONTHS.
IT HAS BEEN A RENT, NOT OWN
TRADE.
IF YOUR THESIS IS THE FED IS
CUTTING BECAUSE THE ECONOMY IS
MODERATING, THE LABOR MARKET IS
SLOWING, IT IS NOT OBVIOUS WHY
YOU GO DOWN IN QUALITY, BUY
SMALL CAPS, IN A WORLD WHERE
YOU WILL GET LESS OPERATING
LEVERAGE BECAUSE THE ECONOMY IS
A BIT MORE MODERATE.
IN THE ENVIRONMENT, I WOULD
EXPECT GROWTH TO LEAN.
A LOT OF THE AI TRAIT HAS DONE
EXCEPTIONALLY WELL.
HAVING SAID THAT, IF WE WILL
HAVE A SLOWER ECONOMY AND WE
WILL SEE THE FED CUTTING IT AND
SAID THAT, THAT IS NOT THE
OPTIMAL ENVIRONMENT.
THAT IS NOT THE OPTIMAL REGIME
FOR SOME OF THESE MORE
SPECULATIVE TRADES THAT HAVE
BEEN WORKING THE PAST 10 TO 12
WEEKS. LISA:
HOW MUCH ARE WE SEEING THE
RETURN OF BUY AMERICA IN BULK?
THE IDEA OF ANY KIND OF CELL
AMERICA HAS RETRACED AND IS
CONTINUING TO BUILD A VERSUS AN
EQUILIBRIUM, ONES THAT BUY,
SELL, BUY TO COLD?
-- TOOK HOOLD? RUSS:
I THINK WE ARE AT A BIT OF
EQUILIBRIUM.
IF YOU LOOK AT EUROPE, THE
NIKKEI, THEY ARE WITHIN 1 AND 2
OF EACH OTHER.
WE ARE IN A WORLD WHERE THE
NEURAL DIFFERENCES IN RETURNS
HAS BEEN MUCH MORE FUNCTIONAL
ON THE CURRENCY EFFECT ON THE
RESERVES. LOOK AT Q2.
WE HAD ALL THE UNCERTAINTY
ABOUT TARIFFS.
YOU STARTED THE SEASON WITH
EXPECTATIONS OF 4% GROWTH, YOU
ENDED WITH 11% TO 12% GROWTH.
WHERE WAS THE STRONGEST GROWTH?
TECHNOLOGY, COMMUNICATIONS.
AS LONG AS THAT DYNAMIC IS IN
PLACE, AS LONG AS THOSE SECULAR
TRENDS ARE IN PLACE, I THINK
THE U.S. CAN OUTPERFORM OVER THE
LONGER-TERM. JONATHAN:
YOU MENTIONED THE CURRENCY
FACTOR.
WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS, FROM
HERE LOOKING OUTCOME OF
CONTINUING TO MAINTAIN THE
ALLOCATION TO GOLD? RUSS:
EITHER GOLD -- IT IS A SMALL
ALLOCATION BUT IT IS CRITICAL
BECAUSE OF WHAT IT DOES FOR THE
PORTFOLIO.
A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK OF IT AS
AN INFLATION HEDGE.
I DID NOT WORK SO WELL IN 2022
WHEN RATES WERE SKYROCKETING.
GOLD, AND OUR MIND, IS THE
STORE OF VALUE.
IT IS THE STORE OF VALUE, GIVEN
CONCERNS ABOUT THE DOLLAR LONG
TERM, GIVEN CONCERNS ABOUT
DEFICITS LONG-TERM.
IT IS NOT JUST THE U.S.
WE HAVE HAD PHYSICAL CONCERNS
IN EFFECT IN THE MARKET IN
JAPAN OR, MORE RECENTLY, FRANCE.
IN A WORLD WITH STRUCTURAL
DEFICITS, ONE OF THE THINGS
INVESTORS ARE LOOKING FOR IS
WHAT ASSET CAN I OWN THAT
GOVERNMENTS CAN'T PRINT MORE OF?
THAT IS WHY GOLD WORKS.
JONATHAN:
APPRECIATE YOUR INSIGHT AND
INPUT.
RUSS KOESTERICH OF BLACKROCK,
THE LATEST ON FINANCIAL MARKETS.
SPEAKING OF DEFICITS, LET'S
BRING IT ALL THE WAY HERE TO
NEW YORK CITY.
GOVERNOR KATHY HOCHUL OF NEW
YORK ENDORSING MAYORAL
CANDIDATE FOR NEW YORK CITY
ZOHRAN MAMDANI.
THE PRESIDENT SAYING HOW CAN
SUCH A THING HAPPEN?
THE IMPORTANT LINES YEAR -- NO
REASON TO BE SENDING GOOD MONEY
AFTER BAD. LISA:
IN SOME WAYS, HIS INTERFERENCE
OR INVOLVEMENT IN THIS ELECTION
IS GOING TO EXPEDITE A NUMBER
OF COALESCING -- DEMOCRATS
COALESCING AROUND ZOHRAN
MAMDANI.
WE HAVE ALREADY SEEN THAT WITH
DEMOCRATS SAYING WE CANNOT LET
HIM WIN.
THIS IS TURNING INTO WHAT SIDE
ARE YOU ON?
THIS IS THE FEAR OF DEMOCRATS
OF THAT ZOHRAN MAMDANI WILL END
UP REPRESENTING DEMOCRATS IN
THE MIDTERM ELECTIONS.
IT HIGHLIGHTS -- I WILL TAKE A
BIT OF A LIBERTY -- HOW
POLARIZED US VERSUS THEM HAS
BECOME VERSUS LOOKING AT AN
ISSUE-BASED TYPE OF DOCTRINE
AND FIGURING OUT WHAT CAN BE
BEST FOR EACH REGION. JONATHAN:
I AM STILL TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHO US VERSUS THEM IS BECAUSE
THE PRESIDENT WILL NOT ENDORSE
THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE. LISA:
HOW DO YOU GET COALESCING
AROUND AN IDEOLOGY WHEN THE
PARTIES ARE SO FRACTURED?
KATHY HOCHUL SAID, AS A
CONSUMMATE CAPITALIST, SHE
ENDORSES ZOHRAN MAMDANI.
AT THE SAME TIME, SHE IS TRYING
TO PUT RING DEFENSES AROUND HIS
PROPOSALS.
A LOT OF THIS THING UNDER
THREATS OF PRESIDENT TRUMP
TAKING MONEY AWAY FROM NEW YORK
CITY. JONATHAN:
WITH THE LATEST NEWS ELSEWHERE
AND OUR TOP STORIES WORLDWIDE,
HERE HIS YAHAIRA ANAND. YAHAIRA:
U.S.
AND CHINESE OFFICIALS ARE ON
THEIR SECOND DAY OF TRADE AND
ECONOMIC TALKS IN MADRID.
SECRETARY BESSENT SAID THE
U.S.-MADE GOOD PROGRESS BUT
ADDED, WHEN IT COMES TO TIKTOK,
THE CHINESE SIDE MADE
AGGRESSIVE ASKS.
HE DID NOT ELABORATE.
OFFICIALS ARE EXPECTED TO LAY
THE GROUNDWORK BETWEEN -- FOR A
MEETING BETWEEN PRESIDENTS
TRUMP AND XI LATER NEXT MONTH.
AND SECRETARY RUBIO MADE
COMMENTS AFTER MEETING WITH
PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN
NETANYAHU.
HE SAID THAT HAMAS NEEDS TO BE
ELIMINATED AND ALL HOSTAGES
RETURNED IMMEDIATELY.
RUBIO ALSO SAID THE U.S.
WILL MAINTAIN PRESSURE ON IRAN,
WHICH HAS BEEN BACKING HAMAS.
AND THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
HELD A VIGIL FOR CHARLIE KIRK
AT THE KENNEDY CENTER.
PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID HE WILL
ATTEND KIRK'S FUNERAL.
KIRK WAS SHOT AND KILLED AT
UTAH VALLEY UNIVERSITY WHILE
HOLDING AN EVENT. JONATHAN:
MORE FROM YAHAIRA IN ABOUT 30
MINUTES.
UP NEXT, TOUGH TALKS WITH CHINA.
>> WE HAD TOXIC GOING.
SCOTT BESSENT IS THERE WITH
SOME OTHERS.
THEY ARE DOING A FINE.
YOU KNOW WHAT CHINA IS PAYING
NOW IN TARIFFS? A LOT. JONATHAN:
UP NEXT, AND OF VEDA PARTNERS.
LIVE FROM -- HENRIETTA TREYZ OF
VEDA PARTNERS.
LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY, GOOD
MORNING. ♪
JONATHAN:
STOCKS POSITIVE THIS MORNING,
HIGHER BY 0.2% ON THE S&P.
ON THE NASDAQ, EIGHT
CONSECUTIVE DAYS OF GAINS.
UP 0.1% SO FAR.
UNDER SURVEILLANCE THIS
MORNING, TOUGH TALKS WITH CHINA.
>> WE HAVE TALKS GOING ON.
SCOTT BESSENT IS THERE WITH
SOME OTHERS. JAMIESON IS THERE.
I THINK IT IS GOING FINE.
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY ARE PAYING
RIGHT NOW?
WHAT ARE THEY PAYING RIGHT NOW?
YOU KNOW WHAT CHINA IS PAYING
RIGHT NOW IN TARIFFS? A LOT.
JONATHAN:
HERE IS THE LATEST. CHINA
RULING NVIDIA VIOLATED
ANTIMONOPOLY LAWS JUST AS OF
THE U.S.
AND CHINA GET TOGETHER IN
MADRID FOR A SECOND DAY OF
TRADE TALKS.
BLOOMBERG'S TYLER KENDALL JOINS
US NOW.
WE HAVE THE TALKS IN MADRID AND
PRESSURE BUILDING ELSEWHERE.
TYLER: EXACTLY.
AS YOU POINTED OUT, THIS
ACQUISITION IN QUESTION WHEN IT
COMES TO NVIDIA WAS APPROVED
FOR YEARS AGO IN 2020 ON THE
CONDITION NVIDIA WAS NOT GOING
TO DISCRIMINATE AGAINST CHINESE
COMPANIES.
THAT TIMING WAS A SURPRISE.
BUT IT ALSO CONTINUED WITH THIS
TREND OF MOUNTING PRESSURE FROM
BOTH SIDES AHEAD OF THE TALKS
IN MADRID.
YOU HAD CHINA ANNOUNCING AN
ANTI-DUMPING INVESTIGATION INTO
CERTAIN CHIPS, INCLUDING THOSE
MADE BY TEXAS INSTRUMENTS.
THEN YOU HAVE THE U.S.
ADDING 23 CHINESE COMPANIES TO
ITS ENTITY LIST FOR FURTHER
RESTRICTIONS.
NVIDIA ITSELF IS AN INTERESTING
CASE BECAUSE IT HAS REPEATEDLY
FOUND ITSELF IN THE CENTER OF
THE SENSITIVE NEGOTIATIONS.
WEEKS AGO, YOU HAVE THE
ADMINISTRATION GREEN LIGHTING
THE SALE OF CERTAIN NVIDIA
CHIPS INTO CHINA, ONLY FOR
BEIJING TO URGE LOCAL COMPANIES
AGAINST USING THEM.
IT GOES TO SHOW HOW THERE HAVE
BEEN REPEATEDLY BEEN THESE
MOVES, JUST TO KEEP THE
DE-ESCALATION IN PLACE, WHICH
UP TO THIS POINT HAS SEEMED TO
BE THE MAIN OBJECTIVE AS BOTH
SIDES CONTINUE TO NEGOTIATE ON
THE LEVEES -- LEVIES.
ALSO MAKING SURE EXPORT
LICENSES CONTINUE TO FLOW FOR
CRITICAL MINERALS.
NOW WE HAVE THIS WRINKLE THAT
TIKTOK APPEARS TO BE AT THE
FOREFRONT OF THE CONVERSATION
AS TREASURY SECRETARY SCOTT
BESSENT SAYS PROGRESS HAS BEEN
MADE BY CHINA MADE SOME STEEP
MAN'S WHEN IT CAME TO THE
POTENTIAL FOR A DEAL.
REALLY PRESSURE FROM ALL OVER,
JUST TO GO BACK TO THE ORIGINAL
QUESTION, AS WE KNOW THE U.S.
IS URGING ALLIES TO INCLUDE THE
SECONDARY TARIFFS ON CHINA WHEN
IT COMES TO ITS IMPORTS OF
RUSSIAN ENERGY SUPPLIES.
IT COMPLETES THE PICTURE WE
HAVE SEEN AS CHINA INVITED
RUSSIA AND INDIA TO THE COUNTRY
FOR ITS OWN SECURITY SUMMIT.
JONATHAN:
TYLER KENDALL WITH THE LATEST.
NVIDIA DOWN IN THE PREMARKET BY
CLOSE TO 2%.
HENRIETTA TREYZ OF VEDA
PARTNERS JOINS US NOW FOR MORE.
ARE WE DOING A LOT OF WORK HERE
JUST TO STAND STILL? HENRIETTA:
ABSOLUTELY.
I THINK BOTH SIDES ARE TRYING
TO GET AWAY WITH THE BARE
MINIMUM OF POKING ONE ANOTHER
WITHOUT GETTING INTO TROUBLE.
I AM NOT EXPECTING TARIFFS TO
ESCALATE BACK TO 145%, BUT I AM
ALSO NOT EXPECTING CHINA TO BUY
U.S. SOY, WHICH IS A MASSIVE
PROBLEM.
THERE ARE ZERO ORDERS PLACED
WITH THE FARMING COMMUNITY FOR
SOY FROM THE WORLD'S LARGEST
PURCHASER OF SOYBEANS.
IT IS A BIG PROBLEM
DOMESTICALLY THAT I THINK IS
GETTING A LOT MORE OUTSPOKEN
THAN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
WOULD HAVE ANTICIPATED. LISA:
SEEMS LIKE WE ARE TALKING
SECURITY ISSUES ON BOTH SIDES,
SEEMS LIKE ANTIDUMPING CONCERNS
ON BOTH SIDES.
ARE WE GETTING A CLEAR CONTOUR
OF WHAT THE ULTIMATE GOAL IS
FOR BOTH SIDES OF THIS TRADING
RELATIONSHIP? HENRIETTA:
I DO NOT THINK SO, BECAUSE I
THINK AG IS THE EASIEST
OFFRAMP, AND NOW WE ARE
INSERTING TIKTOK IN THIS
CONVERSATION AGAIN.
I DO NOT SEE THIS COALESCING
AROUND A CLEAR OBJECTIVE THAT
CAN GET US TO ANOTHER REPEAT OF
THE PHASE ONE AGREEMENT REACHED
IN 2020.
THAT IS NOT THE DIRECTION I AM
SEEING NOW AND THE EXPANSION
INTO TIKTOK IS THE KEY SIGNAL
FOR ME. LISA:
HOW MUCH IS THIS A STORY ABOUT
CHINA, HOW MUCH IS THIS A STORY
ABOUT RUSSIA?
HOW INTERTWINED ARE THE STORIES
AS THE CHINESE AND U.S.
DELEGATIONS MEET IN MADRID?
HENRIETTA:
I REALLY PUT THE SENATE
REPUBLICAN CONFERENCE IN THE
MIDDLE OF THAT CONVERSATION.
THERE ARE 85 SENATORS WHO WANT
THE PRESIDENT TO ACQUIESCE TO
THEIR SANCTIONS PACKAGE AND PUT
ON REAL SANCTIONS AGAINST
VLADIMIR PUTIN.
AND PRESIDENT TRUMP CONTINUES
TO RESIST THAT EFFORT, AND HE
HAS GIVEN THEM THE HEISMAN FOR
MONTHS NOW.
THAT IS WHAT IS GOING ON WITH
CHINA.
WHEN THE PRESIDENT COMES OUT
WITH THESE MASSIVE
CONTINGENCIES, LIKE EVERY
SINGLE NATO NATION HAS TO
TARIFF CHINA AND INDIA, YOU GET
A CLEAR OFFRAMP.
SO I THINK IT IS A THREE WAY
SITUATION THAT CENTERS AROUND
THE U.S.
SENATE AND THE POWER THEY HAVE
THAT THEY ARE NOT EXERCISING,
SO LONG AS TRUMP GIVES THEM AN
OFFRAMP. JONATHAN:
DOESN'T THE PRESIDENT HAVE A
POINT TO PUT PRESSURE ON
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENTS THAT IF
YOU REALLY WANT TO GO HARD ON
RUSSIA, THIS IS WHAT YOU NEED
TO DO? HENRIETTA:
I THINK SO, ABSOLUTELY, BUT THE
UNITED STATES HAS A VERY
BIFURCATED APPROACH TO THE
RUSSIA SANCTIONS AS WELL.
WE'LL PUT TARIFFS OF 50% ON
INDIA BUT NOT ON CHINA?
IT IS OBVIOUSLY A CONFLICT OF
INTEREST IN TERMS OF GOING TO
THE E.U.
AND SAYING YOU DO THIS EVEN
THOUGH YOU WILL HAVE TO DEAL
WITH THE ECONOMIC RAMIFICATIONS
MUCH MORE THAN WE WILL.
I ALSO THINK IT IS A LITTLE
DUPLICITOUS TO SAY ENERGY
PRICES AND GAS PRICES ARE LOW
BUT BY THE WAY, BUT MASSIVE
SANCTIONS ON ANYONE BUYING
RUSSIAN OIL, WHICH WILL PUT
PRICE INCREASES ON OIL ANGER,
ESPECIALLY DOMESTICALLY.
JONATHAN:
THE MESSAGING IS SO EFFECTIVE
BECAUSE IT EXPOSES THE CORE
CONTRADICTIONS OF THE EUROPEANS.
THEY WOULD LIKE THE U.S.
TO JOIN THEM TO GO HARD ON
SANCTIONS AND AT THE SAME TIME
CONTINUE TO CONSUME RUSSIAN
ENERGY.
WHAT CAN WE DO ABOUT THAT?
BECAUSE THAT IS THE HEART OF
THE BIGGEST CONTRADICTION IN
ALL OF THIS. HENRIETTA:
YOU GOT TO BE ABLE TO HAVE A
LITTLE BIT OF LEEWAY, WHERE YOU
DO NOT MAKE DEMANDS LIKE EVERY
SINGLE NATION HAS TO DO X, Y,
AND Z BEFORE WE DO F.
THAT IS THE DIRECTION OF THE
ADMINISTRATION HAS GONE, WHICH
IS WE WILL MAKE SUCH A HIGH
CONTINGENCIES THAT WE CANNOT
FIND A MIDDLE GROUND.
I WOULD BE VERY SURPRISED IF
THERE IS ANYTHING THAT COMES
OUT OF THE U.K.
LATER THIS WEEK THAT SUGGESTS
THEY WILL WORK IN TANDEM ABOUT
-- ON THIS.
WE NEED MORE FROM THE
ADMINISTRATION IN ORDER TO GET
PUTIN TO STOP INVADING UKRAINE
AND THEN BRANCHING OUT INTO
POLAND AND ELSEWHERE, WHICH IS
WHAT IS OCCURRING. LISA:
THIS IS ONE OF THE STRATEGIES
ON THE PART OF RUSSIA, TO SPLIT
THE WEST, GETTING THE SENSE
THAT NATO WAS NOT GOING TO WORK
TOGETHER TO REIN ANY OF THE
FIGHTING IN.
GIVEN THE FIGHTING AND WHAT WE
ARE LOOKING AT IN A LIKELY
GOVERNMENT SHUT DOWN IN TWO
WEEKS TIME, HAVE YOU EVER SEEN,
IN TERMS OF THE UNITED STATES
AND EUROPE, A MORE FRACTURED
POLITICAL BACKDROP FOR SOME OF
THESE TYPES OF DISCUSSIONS IN
RECENT HISTORY? HENRIETTA:
THAT IS AN EXCELLENT POINT.
AND LET'S LAYER ON YOU ALSO
HAVE A LOT OF STAUNCH NATO
ALLIES ARE TAKEN A BACKSEAT IN
POLITICS.
THINKING SPECIFICALLY OF MITCH
MCCONNELL, WHO IS NO LONGER THE
MAJORITY LEADER, AND HE WAS THE
MAIN ADVOCATE OF INCREASED AID
TO UKRAINE, WHICH IS ANOTHER
WAY OF PROVIDING AID TO UKRAINE.
THAT IS NOT OCCURRING NOW.
BUT WHILE THEY GO INTO THIS
DISCUSSION ABOUT A GOVERNMENT'S
SHUT DOWN, YOU CAN LINK ALL OF
THESE ISSUES TOGETHER, WHICH IS
THE BEST PART OF THIS JOB.
YOU CAN TIE IN A POTENTIAL
FARMERS BAILOUT, TIE IN A
STRONGER SIGNALING TOWARDS
NATO, AND THE ADMINISTRATION'S
WILLINGNESS TO GET A FUNDING
DEAL. THERE IS A WAY TO LINK ALL
THOSE ISSUES TOGETHER, AND WE
HAVE A DEADLINE COMING UP OF
SEPTEMBER 30.
THAT IS WHEN YOU CAN REALLY
EXTRACT SOME CONCESSIONS.
I THINK WE WILL GET THAT OVER
THAT 10 DAY RECESS THEY WILL
GET INTO AND DEFINITELY IN THE
LAST 48 HOURS BEFORE SHUT DOWN.
JONATHAN:
THERE IS NOTHING EASY ABOUT
THIS. JOINING THE DOTS THERE,
HENRIETTA TREYZ OF VEDA
PARTNERS.
WHEN THE WAR STARTED, I
REMEMBER IT SITTING ON TABLE
WITH YOU AN D T.K.
TALKING ABOUT IT.
AND THE PRESIDENT WANTED TO END
THIS QUICKLY.
IT IS VERY DIFFICULT. LISA:
YOU HAVE UKRAINE FACING AN
EXISTENTIAL THREAT TO ITS LAND
AND YOU HAVE RUSSIA WHICH SEEMS
SET ON CONTINUING ITS INCURSION.
ARE WE REACHING A TIPPING POINT
WHERE THE ESCALATION HAS GOTTEN
A LITTLE MORE EXTREME, FROM THE
RUSSIAN SIDE, AND ALSO FROM THE
UKRAINE SIDE? JONATHAN:
THAT IS THE LATEST ON
GEOPOLITICS.
UP NEXT, WE BRING IT BACK HERE
TO THE UNITED STATES AND A BIG
DECISION TAKING PLACE IN
FINANCIAL MARKETS WORLDWIDE.
WE CATCH UP WITH THE FORMER NEW
YORK FED PRESIDENT BILL DUDLEY
AS PRESIDENT TRUMP PUSHES FOR
THE FED TO GO BIG.
PLUS, DANI BURGER HAS YOUR
MORNING MOVERS.
LOOKING AT TESLA AS ELON MUSK
DOUBLES DOWN ON THE COMPANY.
THAT STOCK UP IN THE PREMARKET
BY MORE THAN 7%.
FROM NEW YORK CITY, YOU ARE
WATCHING BLOOMBERG TV.
♪
JONATHAN:
TWO WEEK WINNING STREAK ON THE
S&P 500, LIKEWISE ON THE NASDAQ.
IRA BY 0.2% OF THE S&P.
TWO HOURS UNTIL THE OPENING
BELL. DANI:
ONE OF THE BIG DECLINERS THIS
MORNING AS FAR AS MARKET CAP
WEIGHT IS NVIDIA, DOWN 1.6%,
FOLLOWING FINDING DAY VIOLATED
THEIR ANTIMONOPOLY RULES.
ALL OF THIS THE BACKDROP, THE
HIGH-PROFILE MEETINGS BETWEEN
CHINA AND THE U.S. IN MADRID.
THAT MAY BE CASTING A CLOUD
OVER THOSE DISCUSSIONS.
SHARES DOWN JUST UNDER 2%.
TESLA TO THE UPSIDE PAVING
SHARES ARE UP 7.7 PERCENT.
ELON MUSK, ACCORDING TO A
FILING ON FRIDAY, ABOUT $1
BILLION OF SHARES.
IT COMES AFTER THAT $1 TRILLION
PAY PACKAGE OVER THE NEXT 10
YEARS IF ELON MUSK CAN MEET
THOSE PROJECTIONS AND TARGETS.
MAYBE A DOUBLING DOWN AND SHOW
OF CONFIDENCE AFTER THAT.
UNITED HEALTH HAS HIRED
ADVISORS FROM SPECIFICALLY
TRUMP ALLIES IN ORDER TO
INGRATIATE THEMSELVES WITH THE
ADMINISTRATION.
THEY MET WITH SUSIE WILES,
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIALS.
SHARES OF STARTING TO WEAKEN A
LITTLE BIT BUT THEY FACE A LOT
OF PRESSURE WHEN IT COMES TO
THINGS LIKE THE MEDICARE
ADVANTAGE PROGRAM. JONATHAN:
THANK YOU.
GIVEN WHAT INDUSTRY THEY ARE
IN, I'M SURPRISED IT HAS TAKEN
THIS LONG. LISA:
PRETTY MUCH ANY INDUSTRY THAT
TOUCHES REGULATION IN
WASHINGTON, HAS A POPULAR
INTERFACE WOULD HAVE TO BE ON
THIS LEVEL, TO GET PEOPLE
AROUND YOU THAT HAVE A VOICE TO
WASHINGTON, D.C. JONATHAN:
ON THE RADAR THIS MORNING,
PRESIDENT TRUMP PUSHING THE
FEDERAL RESERVE TO GO BIG AS
THEY MEET THIS WEEK, CALLING
JAY POWELL INCOMPETENT AND
BLAMING HIM FOR THE SLUMPING
HOUSING MARKET.
SCOTT BESSENT MEETING WITH
CHINESE OFFICIALS TODAY IN
MADRID TO DISCUSS TRADE AND
TIKTOK, SETTING UP A POTENTIAL
TALK BETWEEN TRUMP AND XI. LISA:
THE DEADLINE THAT KEEPS GETTING
PUSHED BACK.
STILL A RANDOM WHEEL OF WHAT
THEY WOULD BE TALKING ABOUT.
YOU CAN IMAGINE RARE EARTH
METALS, CHIPS.
TIKTOK HIGHLIGHTS HOW MUCH IS
AT PLAY, HOW MUCH IS A TEMPLATE
FOR WHETHER THIS IS A NATIONAL
SECURITY CONCERN OR AN EFFORT
TO DEEPEN INTERNATIONAL TIES.
JONATHAN:
I THINK IT'S ALWAYS BEEN A
NATIONAL SECURITY CONCERN, THEY
JUST DON'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING
ABOUT IT BECAUSE OF THE
POPULARITY WITH THE YOUNGER
COHORT.
WE HAVE SEEN IT NOT JUST WITH
THIS ADMINISTRATION BUT THE
PREVIOUS ONE, AS WELL. LISA:
IT HIGHLIGHTS A TENSION OF
REACHING OUT TO YOUNGER VOTERS,
HOW THEY GET THEIR NEWS,
HIGHLIGHTS A REAL DISCOMFORT OF
GETTING RID OF A PLATFORM THAT
HAS BEEN INSTRUMENTAL IN A LOT
OF ELECTION CAMPAIGNS.
WE HAVE SEEN MEMBERS OF
CONGRESS TRY TO COALESCE AROUND
IT BUT AT RISK OF LOSING THEIR
SEATS?
THEY ARE NOT WILLING TO GO THAT
FAR. JONATHAN:
WHAT IS CURIOUS ABOUT WHAT IS
HAPPENING IN MADRID, THE
CHINESE DELEGATION BOUGHT THESE
DISCUSSIONS, TIKTOK AND TRADE,
WOULD BE DEALT WITH TOGETHER.
THE ADMINISTRATION WANTS TO
DEAL WITH THEM SEPARATELY.
IS THAT THE BIG AGREEMENT WE
CAN EXPECT, PUT THEM TO ONE
SIDE? LISA:
TALK ABOUT LOWERING THE BAR.
I THINK THE EXPECTATIONS ARE
PRETTY LOW.
WHEN YOU KEEP TALKING WITH YOUR
ADVERSARY, YOU AVOID SOME OF
THE BLOWS THAT COME UP WITH
SOME PENT UP ANGER.
SO THE GOAL IS TO KEEP ON
TALKING THROUGH THEIR EMOTIONS,
TELL US HOW YOU FEEL, THEN WE
CAN GO BACK. JONATHAN:
FINANCIAL MARKETS LIKE THAT SO
MUCH THAT THERE IS NO
ESCALATION. NOT MUCH TO REPORT.
NEW YORK GOVERNOR KATHY HOCHUL
ENDORSING ZOHRAN MAMDANI AND
HIS BID TO BECOME MAYOR OF NEW
YORK CITY.
TRUMP SAYING, NO REASON TO BE
SPENDING GOOD MONEY AFTER BAD
PAYMENT LISA:
REAL QUESTION OF HOW HIS
INVOLVEMENT IN THIS MAYORAL
RACE COALESCES SUPPORT AROUND
ZOHRAN MAMDANI.
I WILL QUOTE THE GOVERNOR KATHY
HOCHUL IN THIS OPINION PIECE.
ZOHRAN MAMDANI AND I WILL BOTH
BE FEARLESS IN CONFRONTING THE
PRESIDENT'S AGENDA WITH
CONVICTION.
SHE MADE SURE TO DISTINGUISH
HERSELF FROM HIM WHEN IT COMES
TO CAPITALISM VERSUS SOCIALISM,
RAISING TAX ON WEALTHY
INDIVIDUALS, SAYING SHE HAS HAD
DISAGREEMENTS WITH HIM, BUT
THERE IS THIS FEELING THAT AS
LONG AS THE PRESIDENT TIGHTENS
THE SCREWS, THEN USED TO BE A
SENSE OF LINKING ARMS, FIGHTING
BACK.
IT RAISES THE QUESTION OF HOW
THIS PLAYS FOR OTHER DEMOCRATIC
LEADERS. JONATHAN:
IT WOULD BE UNFORTUNATE IF THIS
ELECTION COMES DOWN TO NEW YORK
CITY VERSUS THE PRESIDENT.
IT IS ABOUT ISSUES RIGHT HERE
IN NEW YORK CITY, THAT NEW
YORKERS CAN ADDRESS, REGARDLESS
OF WHO IS IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
LISA:
IN NEW YORK CITY, WHEN YOU GO
TO DIFFERENT CIRCLES, THAT IS
NORMALLY THE CONVERSATION.
BUT THE POLITICS OF THE MOMENT
CHANGES THAT IN TERMS OF HOW IT
IS BEING DISCUSSED.
I AGREE WITH YOU.
I HOPE PEOPLE DEBATE THE MERITS
OF HOW TO ACHIEVE THINGS LIKE
MORE AFFORDABLE HOUSING AND
BETTER OPPORTUNITY FOR FAMILIES.
IT IS ABOUT THE METHOD AS MUCH
AS IT IS ABOUT THE GOALS.
JONATHAN: THE FEDERAL RESERVE.
THE PRESIDENT PUSHING FOR JAY
POWELL TO GO BIG.
>> THE FED CHAIRMAN IS
INCOMPETENT.
I THINK YOU WILL HAVE A BIG CUT.
IT IS PERFECT FOR CUTTING.
JONATHAN:
NEAR CERTAINTY THE FEDERAL
RESERVE WILL CUT INTEREST RATES
BY 25 BASIS POINTS THIS WEEK.
JOINING US TO DISCUSS, FORMER
NEW YORK THAT BILL DUDLEY.
WHAT ARE YOU EXPECTING TO SEE
THIS COMING WEDNESDAY? BILL:
ALONG WITH EVERYBODY ELSE, A
QUARTER-POINT CUT.
I WOULD BE SURPRISED IF THEY
DID ANYTHING ELSE. JONATHAN:
WILL THEY GONE BEYOND THAT?
BILL:
THEY WILL PUBLISH THE SUMMARY
OF ECONOMIC PROJECTIONS WHICH
SHOWS THEIR OUTLOOK INTO 2020
SIX AND 2027.
THE BIG DEBATE IS DO THEY SHOW
ONE MORE CUT AFTER SEPTEMBER?
JONATHAN:
THAT IS THE INTERESTING PIECE
OF INFORMATION FOR ME.
THE LAST ROUND OF FORECASTS,
THEY WERE FORECASTING TWO CUTS,
UNEMPLOYMENT AROUND 4%.
WE HAVE THIS STRANGE SITUATION
WHERE PEOPLE ARE BASICALLY
LOOKING FOR THE UNEMPLOYMENT
RATE TO STAY STEADY IN THE
FORECAST BUT FOR THE DOTS TO
COME DOWN.
WHAT IS DRIVING THE OUTLOOK FOR
RATE CUTS, IF NOT UNEMPLOYMENT?
BILL: I THINK YOU ARE RIGHT, THE
FORECAST IS EVOLVING PRETTY
CLOSE TO THE SUMMARY OF
ECONOMIC PROJECTIONS IN JUNE.
IF THEY ARE ON THE SAME
FORECAST TRACK, WHY WITH A
PENCIL IN MORE RATE CUTS?
ONE THING TO PENCIL IN IS THE
WEAKNESS OF THE LABOR MARKET.
YOU HAVE SEEN A LOT OF
INDICATORS THAT THE LABOR
MARKET IS CONTINUING TO SOFTEN.
IT IS MORE OF THE SOFTNESS,
LABOR MARKET INDICATORS THAT
ARE GIVING THEM CONCERN THAT
THE LABOR MARKET COULD CONTINUE
TO DETERIORATE.
THAT IS THE BIGGEST RISK RIGHT
NOW.
THAT IS WHY IT IS CAUSING THEM
TO HAVE A LITTLE GREATER
URGENCY. LISA:
ISN'T THAT A TAKEAWAY AND FROM
WHAT WE'VE SEEN IN THE LONGER
END OF THE YIELD CURVE? BILL:
THE MARKET IS IN AGREEMENT THAT
RATES ARE COMING DOWN NOT ONLY
THIS YEAR BUT 2027.
FEDERAL FUNDS FUTURES MARKET
HAS IT COME DOWN TO 3% BY THE
END OF NEXT YEAR.
THERE IS A LOT OF RATE CUTS
PRICED IN.
PERSONALLY, I DON'T THINK IT IS
QUITE SO CLEAR THEY WILL GO
THAT FAR OVER THE MEDIUM TO
LONGER TERM.
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS ARE
ALREADY VERY ACCOMMODATIVE, AND
THE ECONOMY IS NOT FALLING OUT
OF BED.
WE ALSO HAVE NOT SEEN THE FULL
EFFECT OF TARIFFS ON PRICES YET.
INFLATION WILL STAY STICKY OVER
THE NEXT 12 MONTHS. LISA:
I WANT TO DIG DEEPER INTO THE
IDEA THAT THE LONGER END OF THE
YIELD CURVE IS PRICING IN
STEEPER CUTS.
YOU CAN MAKE THE CARBON --
ARGUMENT THAT POTENTIALLY SOME
DETERIORATION OF THE DOLLAR
COULD CAUSE THE OPPOSITE IN THE
LONG END IN TERMS OF A SELLOFF,
YIELD CURVE STEEPENING.
WHAT IS YOUR UNDERSTANDING OF
WHY THE MARKET DOESN'T SEEM
CONCERNED ABOUT THAT? BILL:
I THINK THEY THINK THE REASONS
FOR CUTTING NOW ARE ACTUALLY
QUITE COMPELLING GIVEN THE
INFLATION PASS-THROUGH FROM
TARIFFS HAS BEEN SMALLER THAN
EXPECTED, WEAKNESS IN THE LABOR
MARKET IS AS LARGE AS EXPECTED.
THE MARKET SHARES THE VIEW OF
JAY POWELL THAT THE DOWNSIDE
RISKS TO THE LABOR MARKET
OUTWEIGH THE UPSIDE RISKS TO
INFLATION, THEREFORE RATE CUTS
ARE WARRANTED.
THE QUESTION IS HOW FAR WILL
THEY GO OVER THE MEDIUM TO
LONG-TERM, THAT IS WHERE
MARKETS ARE AHEAD OF THEMSELVES.
HARD TO FACTOR IN HOW MUCH
PRESSURE THERE WILL BE ON THE
FED FROM THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION, RISK THAT THEY
COULD THREATEN THE INDEPENDENCE
OF THE FED.
IF THEY DO THAT, THAT WILL BE
LOWER RATES BUT ALSO MEANS
HIGHER INFLATION. JONATHAN:
TALK ABOUT WHAT WE MAY GET FROM
THE NEWS CONFERENCE WITH SHARON
POWELL.
HOW DIFFICULT WILL IT BE FOR
HIM TO ESTABLISH CONSENSUS AT
THE MEETING?
IN THE LAST DOT PLOT, THERE WAS
A BIG GROUP OF INDIVIDUALS
THAT'S ON NO CUTS IN 2025.
WONDERING HOW MUCH HAS CHANGED
NOT JUST FOR CHAIRMAN POWELL,
HAS INDICATED A LOT HAS CHANGED
SINCE THE LAST TIME WE HEARD
FROM HIM, BUT OTHER MEMBERS OF
THE COMMITTEE? BILL:
OTHER MEMBERS WILL GO ALONG
WITH WHAT CHAIR POWELL WANTS.
THEY ARE NOT IN DISAGREEMENT
WITH THE DIRECTION OF RATES,
MAYBE JUST A SMALL DISAGREEMENT
WITH TIMING.
THE FACT THAT THEY ARE ALL IN
AGREEMENT THAT RATES WILL BE
COMING DOWN, I THINK THEY WILL
GIVE THE CHAIRMAN WHAT HE WANTS
AT THE MEETING.
I EXPECT VERY FEW DEISSENTS.
THE OTHER SIDE, ARE GOING TO
GET PEOPLE SUPPORTING 50 BASIS
POINTS RATE CUTS?
I THINK MAY BE THE ONLY PERSON
WOULD BE STEPHEN MIRAN IF HE IS
ON THE FOMC WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.
LISA:
DO YOU THINK IT IS HEALTHY TO
HAVE A CHARACTER LIKE STEPHEN
MIRAN ON THE FEDERAL RESERVE,
BOARD OF GOVERNORS TO FOSTER
ROBUST DEBATE ABOUT NOT JUST
WHETHER TO CUT 25 OR 50 BASIS
POINTS, BUT THE OVERARCHING
FRAMEWORK AT THE FED IS
OPERATING IN? BILL:
IT IS GOOD TO HAVE A DIVERSITY
OF VIEWS ON THE FEDERAL
RESERVE, TO DEBATE THE
FRAMEWORK.
THE FED COULD DO MORE IN TERMS
OF DEVELOPING A FRAMEWORK FOR
QUANTITATIVE EASING,
QUANTITATIVE TIGHTENING.
I HAVE WRITTEN ABOUT THAT THE
LAST FEW MONTHS.
I THINK IT'S A LITTLE ODD TO
HAVE SOMEONE ESSENTIALLY ALL
KNOWN FROM THE ADMINISTRATION
TO VOTE FOR TWO OR THREE
MEETINGS.
I DON'T THINK STEPHEN MIRAN
WILL GIVE A LOT OF DEFERENCE AT
THE MEETINGS THIS WEEK.
JONATHAN:
FOR PEOPLE THAT HAVE BEEN
FAMILIAR WITH THE MEETINGS, CAN
YOU DESCRIBE WHAT THAT ROOM
WOULD LOOK LIKE, THE SITUATION,
HOW THE MEETING PROGRESSES?
WHAT KIND OF OPPORTUNITIES
STEPHEN MIRAN WOULD HAVE AS HE
SITS AROUND THE TABLE TO MAKE
HIS POINTS? BILL:
THE MEETINGS ARE CHAIRED BY THE
CHAIRMAN, OBVIOUSLY, TYPICALLY
DISCUSSION ABOUT THE ECONOMY.
EVERYONE GIVES THEIR VIEWS
ABOUT THE ECONOMY, DISCUSSION
ABOUT MONETARY POLICY,
EVERYBODY TALKS ABOUT THEIR
VIEWS. STEPHEN MIRAN WILL HAVE A
CHANCE TO TALK ABOUT THOSE
VIEWS, BUT HE WILL BE ONLY ONE
OF 19 PEOPLE SPEAKING.
THE IDEA THAT HE WILL GO THERE
AND DOMINATE THE SPEAKING, THAT
IS QUITE SMALL. JONATHAN:
ARE THERE INTERNS OR YOU JUST
GO AROUND ONE BY 1, 19
INDIVIDUALS? BILL:
THERE CAN BE SOME BACK AND
FORTH. PEOPLE DO RESPOND TO WHAT
OTHERS HAVE SAID.
BUT EVERYONE IS LOOKING AT THE
SAME SET OF INFORMATION.
DISAGREEMENTS TEND TO BE SMALL,
MORE AT THE MARGINS, BECAUSE
EVERYONE IS SEEING THE SAME
INFORMATION, EVALUATING THE
SAME ECONOMIC INFORMATION.
JONATHAN:
I APPRECIATE YOUR INSIGHT,
EXPERIENCE, TOO.
BILL DUDLEY, FORMER FED
PRESIDENT.
NOT QUITE THE FIGHT THAT PEOPLE
ARE IMAGINING. LISA:
YOU ARE TRYING TO GOAD INTO
THIS IDEA -- HOW DARE YOU SAY
THINGS ARE WEAK IN MY DISTRICT!
THIS IDEA OF U.K. PARLIAMENT.
JONATHAN:
ATTEMPTING TO GET BILL TO DRAW
ON HIS EXPERIENCE TO ARTICULATE
HOW BORING THESE EXPERIENCES
ARE. LISA:
HE IS CORRECT, THERE ARE 19
DIFFERENT PEOPLE GIVING THEIR
POINTS OF VIEW, BUT HOW MANY
PEOPLE SEND NOTES, LITTLE
EMAILS , SCATHING TEXTS TO ONE
ANOTHER? I HAVE NO DOUBT.
HUMANS ARE HUMANS.
JONATHAN: YOU BREAK FOR LUNCH.
MEAN GIRLS. LISA:
WHO GETS TO SIT WITH WHO?
JONATHAN:
STEPHEN MIRAN MAY BE THERE AS
THAT TWO DAY MEETING BEGINS
TOMORROW MORNING.
LET'S GET AN UPDATE ON STORY
THIS MORNING.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP IS AGAIN
THREATENING TO FEDERALIZE
WASHINGTON, D.C.
AFTER HIS RECENT DEPLOYMENT OF
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
IN A TRUE SOCIAL POST
OVERNIGHT, THE PRESIDENT SAID
D.C.
MAYOR MURIEL BOWSER TOLD THE
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT THAT LOCAL
POLICE WILL NO LONGER COOPERATE
WITH ICE.
THE PRESIDENT SAYS CRIME WOULD
COME BACK IF THAT WERE TO HAVE
BEEN, AND IF NECESSARY, HE WILL
CALL A NATIONAL EMERGENCY.
IN A POTENTIAL SETTLEMENT WITH
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION,
HARVARD UNIVERSITY COULD BE
REQUIRED TO INVEST $500 MILLION
TO BUILD TRADE SCHOOLS.
THIS COMES AS PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
ATTEMPT TO SQUEEZE BILLIONS OF
DOLLARS OUT OF THE UNIVERSITY.
BROWN UNIVERSITY HAS ALREADY
AGREED TO SPEND $50 MILLION
OVER 10 YEARS ON WORKFORCE
TRAINING FOR VOCATIONAL
PROGRAMS. SCOTTIE SCHEFFLER
GETTING WARMED UP FOR THE RYDER
CUP WITH A WIN.
THE NUMBER ONE GOLFER START OF
THE TOURNAMENT A BIT SLUGGISH
BUT CAME BACK FROM TWO STROKES
DOWN TO SECURE A VICTORY AT 19
UNDER.
THIS WAS HIS SIXTH WIN OF THE
YEAR.
HIS SEASON EARNINGS ARE OVER
$27 MILLION. JONATHAN: NOT BAD.
$30 MILLION FOR A SEASONS
EARNINGS. LISA:
IF WE COULD GET THE VIEWER SOME
SORT OF AI GENIUS.
JUST GET THAT PER HOUR.
HONESTLY, WELL DONE TO HIM.
JONATHAN:
RYDER CUP, ABOUT A WEEK AWAY.
NEXT ON THE PROGRAM, THE RISK
OF RE-ACCELERATION.
>> I DON'T THINK IF THEY CUT,
THAT WOULD BE THE CAUSE OF
REACCELERATION.
IF ITALY ACCELERATES, IT WILL
BE BECAUSE THE ECONOMY WAS NOT
THAT SOUGHT TO BEGIN WITH.
JONATHAN:
EARL DAVIS JOINS US IN A FEW
MOMENTS TIME.
LIVE FROM NEW YORK, YOU ARE
WATCHING BLOOMBERG TV.
JONATHAN:
STOCKS ARE DOING JUST FINE, UP
BY ZERO .2% ON THE S&P 500.
0.4% ON THE NASDAQ.
THE RUSTLE UP BY 0.3 BE MADE
UNDER SURVEILLANCE THIS
MORNING, THE RISK OF
REACCELERATION.
>> I DON'T THINK IF THEY CUT,
THAT WILL BE THE CAUSE OF
REACCELERATION.
IF IT RE-ACCELERATES, IT WAS
BECAUSE OF THE ECONOMY WAS NOT
THAT SOUGHT TO BEGIN WITH AND
THEY CUT FOR ALL SORTS OF
REASONS.
THE LIKELIHOOD THEY WOULD MOVE
THE ECONOMY IN A MEANINGFUL WAY
IS UP IN THE AIR. JONATHAN:
DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WALL STREET
AHEAD OF THE FED'S INTEREST
RATE DECISION ON WEDNESDAY.
EARL DAVIS WRITING WE REMAINED
CONSTRUCTIVE ON U.S.
ECONOMIC GROWTH HEADING INTO 26
BASED ON THE BIG BEAUTIFUL BILL
AND DEREGULATION.
EARL, WELCOME.
LET'S ADDRESS THAT QUESTION,
NOT ABOUT INTEREST RATE CUTS
BUT THE BIG BEAUTIFUL BILL AND
DEREGULATION.
WHAT IS UNDERAPPRECIATED COME
FROM WASHINGTON? EARL:
WHAT IS INTERESTING, WHAT IS
UNDERAPPRECIATED IS THE GLOBAL
FISCAL IMPULSE.
YOU ARE SEEING FISCAL EASING
NOT JUST IN THE U.S.
BUT YOU ARE SEEING IT IN CHINA,
JAPAN.
THAT WILL PROBABLY ACCELERATE
WITH THE NEW ELECTION.
AND YOU ARE SEEING IT IN EUROPE.
WE FEEL THE FISCAL IMPULSE WILL
LEAD TO HIGHER GROWTH GLOBALLY,
ESPECIALLY IN THE U.S. IN 2026.
LISA:
WHY DOES THAT LEAD TO LOWER
LONG-TERM RIGHTS? EARL:
THERE IS A PATH THAT LOWER
LONG-TERM RATES COULD GO.
THERE IS A RISK PREMIUM THAT
LEADS TO HIGHER OR LOWER
LONG-TERM RIGHTS.
WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT CORPORATE
RATES ACTUALLY, CORPORATE
SPREADS MAY BE FURTHER
COMPRESSED, BECAUSE AS RISK
ASSETS TO WELCOME, PENSIONS
BECOME FULLY FUNDED, INSURANCE
COMPANIES HAVE TO BUY LONG
CORPORATE BONDS, SO THERE COULD
BE A STRONG BID FOR ELONGATED
CORPORATE BONDS WHICH WILL
COMPRESS AGAINST TREASURIES.
LISA: IT SOUNDS CLEAN, AND I CAN
UNDERSTAND IT, BUT AT THE SAME
TIME, AS I LOOK AT ECONOMIC
DATA, I'M STRUGGLING.
IS THIS AN ECONOMY WHERE PEOPLE
NOT GET JOBS, DON'T HAVE
CONFIDENCE THAT INFLATION WILL
COME DOWN, OR IS THIS JUST AN
ECONOMY THAT HAS NOT SEEN THE
BEST YET?
IT CAN BOOST GROWTH WITHOUT
INFLUENCING INFLATION?
WHICH IS IT? EARL:
ON THE SHORT-TERM IT IS
DEFINITELY WEAKENING.
WE ALWAYS ASK OURSELVES, IS IT
PERSISTENT OR IS IT SUSTAINABLE?
WE SEE IT BEING PERSISTENT AND
SUSTAINABLE FOR 2025.
WE DO SEE UNEMPLOYMENT BENDING.
HAVING SAID THAT, THE
UNCERTAINTY TAKEN OUT OF THE
MARKET, THAT IS SIGNIFICANT.
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT IS
TARIFF UNCERTAINTY.
NOW BUSINESSES KNOW THE
ECONOMICS OF INVESTING.
AFTER WE GET OVER THE RULING IN
OCTOBER ON TARIFFS, THAT TAKES
OUT THE FINAL LEG OF
UNCERTAINTY, AND THAT IS THE
CATALYST FOR THE BIG BOOST.
JONATHAN:
STOCKS ARE ANTICIPATING A LOT
OF THIS, CLOSE TO ALL-TIME
HIGHS.
IN ADDITION TO THAT, CREDIT
SPREADS ARE VERY TIGHT.
CAN YOU WALK ME THROUGH THE WAY
YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT INTEREST
RATE REDUCTIONS AND THE CASH ON
THE SIDELINES SO TO SPEAK -- I
KNOW PEOPLE DON'T LIKE THE
PHRASE -- BUT HOW MUCH RISK IS
COMING IN AS THE FED CUTS RATES?
EARL:
OVERNIGHT RATES, LET'S CALL IT
4.25, 4.50, THAT IS THE HIGHEST
LEVEL ON THE YIELD CURVE.
MONDAY HAS BECOME AN ASSET
CLASS, WHERE YOU CAN EARN A
VERY GOOD RETURN.
THE DYNAMIC OF THAT CHANGES
ONCE THE CENTRAL BANK EASES.
WHAT IS DISCOUNTED THIS YEAR IS
75 BASIS POINTS THIS YEAR, 75
NEXT YEAR.
PEOPLE ARE EXPECTING 100 BASIS
POINTS THIS YEAR.
YOU WILL SEE ANOTHER BID TO
CORPORATE CREDIT BECAUSE MORE
MONEY WILL COME OUT OF MONEY
MARKET ACCOUNTS INTO RISK
ASSETS TO ENSURE THEY ARE STILL
EARNING 4% OR HIGHER RETURNS.
THE MORE DISCOUNTING OF EASING
THAT COMES INTO THE MARKET,
THAT ACCELERATES THAT.
WE THINK WE ARE IN A NEW
STRUCTURAL PARADIGM WITH
TIGHTER CREDIT SPREADS.
HAVING SAID THAT, IT BECOMES
VERY IMPORTANT TO WANT TO THE
DEFENSIVE SIDE OF THINGS,
BECAUSE IF A COMPANY OR
SOMETHING GOES BOO IN THE
NIGHT, YOU WANT TO MAKE SURE
YOU ARE IN THE RIGHT CREDIT.
WE THINK STRUCTURALLY TIGHT
CREDIT SPREADS INCREASES THE
IMPORTANCE OF WHAT YOU ARE
INVESTED IN. JONATHAN:
TYPICALLY, WHERE DOES THAT CASH
MIGRATE TO?
EQUALLY, WHERE DO YOU EXPECT IT
TO BE CONCENTRATED? EARL:
I EXPECTED TO GO EQUALLY
EVERYWHERE.
I DO EXPECT IT TO GO EVERYWHERE.
NOT NECESSARILY EQUALLY BUT
ALONG THE SAME PROPORTION OF
WHAT WE ARE SEEING NOW.
YOU WILL SEE A GOOD AMOUNT GO
TO EQUITIES, CORPORATE BONDS, A
MODEST OR DECENT AMOUNT GO TO
THE ALTERNATIVES.
GOLD IS ANOTHER ASSET CLASS YOU
HAVE TO BE AWARE OF.
THAT WILL TAKE A LOT OF MONEY
COMING OUT OF MONEY MARKET
ACCOUNTS AS WELL FROM THE
SAFETY ASPECT. LISA:
DO YOU THINK YOU WERE DOLLARS
WILL END UP GOING TO DEVELOPED
MARKET BONDS AND INSTEAD GO TO
INVESTMENT GRADE CORPORATE
BONDS? EARL:
DIFFERENT INVESTORS.
MONEY MARKET INVESTORS WILL NOT
GO TO TREASURIES BECAUSE THEY
WILL EARN LESS THAN IN MANY
MARKETS.
I THINK WE ARE SEEING THE
SOVEREIGN BUYING OF BONDS,
PENSION DE-RISKING BUYING OF
BONDS.
IT'S A DIFFERENT ASSET CLASS,
SO I DON'T THINK THAT WILL
AFFECT BONDS, PER SE. JONATHAN:
EARL DAVIS, THANK YOU.
GOLD CREEPING ITS WAY BACK INTO
THE CONVERSATION. LISA:
IF YOU ARE GOING TO PROTEST THE
DOLLAR, WHERE ARE YOU GOING TO
GO? ARE YOU GOING TO GO TO THE E
URO?
THE RALLY IN GOLD HAS BEEN
FIERCE GOING BACK TO 1979, AND
A LOT OF PEOPLE SAY IT HAS ROOM
TO GO UPWARDS.
WHERE ELSE ARE YOU GOING TO GO?
WAS IT IN JAMIE DIMON WHO SAID
IT WAS A PET ROCK?
PEOPLE ARE SAYING THAT IT IS A
PET ROCK THAT I COULD USE,
COMFORTS ME. JONATHAN:
IT IS A WELL BEHAVED PET ROCK.
LISA: VERY NICE.
JONATHAN:
JUST ABOUT POSITIVE THIS
MORNING.
COMING UP, SEEMA SHAH, TOM
NARAYAN, ABIGAIL WATT.
THE THIRD HOUR OF SURVEILLANCE
IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER.
♪
>> THE FEDERAL RESERVE HAS DONE
ITS JOB WE THINK REMARKABLY
WELL.
>> NO QUESTION YOU WANT TO BE
ROOTING RATES BACK TO A MORE
NEUTRAL SETTING.
>> YOU HAVE THE FED RATE CUTS
HELPING TO SECTORS OF THE
ECONOMY THAT ARE VERY SENSITIVE.
>> THE ECONOMY WILL NOT SLIDE
INTO RECESSION.
>> THIS IS "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE"
WHEN JONATHAN FERRO, LISA, AND
ANNMARIE HORDERN. JONATHAN:
GOOD MORNING.
FOR OUR AUDIENCE WORLDWIDE, THE
THIRD HOUR OF "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE" STARTS RIGHT NOW.
S&P 500 POSITIVE BY 0.2%.
FOUR WEEKS A LOWER YIELDS ON
THE BOND MARKET.
10-YEAR HIGHER BY JUST A LITTLE
BIT.
THE WEEK AHEAD DOMINATED BY THE
FEDERAL RESERVE AND THE MEETING
TAKING PLACE ON WEDNESDAY.
TO BORROW A PHRASE FROM
GOVERNOR WILDER, LET'S GET ON
WITH IT. LISA:
WHAT ARE THE PROJECTIONS AS
THEY LOOK FORWARD?
BEFORE WE GET THERE, THERE IS
RETAIL SALES.
A QUESTION I HAVE IS HOW WELL
HAS THE ECONOMY ACTUALLY HELD
UP?
WE HAVE MOVED PAST THAT TO HOW
MUCH WILL THE FED TO STIMULATE
THE ECONOMY, BUT THERE IS STILL
A QUESTION ABOUT WHETHER THE
WEAKNESS IN THE LABOR MARKET IS
MORE PERSISTENT, WHETHER WE
WILL SEE THAT EXPRESSED IN
LOWER CONSUMER SPENDING.
THERE ARE SIGNS AROUND THE
EDGES. JONATHAN:
THAT PHRASE, THE WEAKNESS IN
THE LABOR MARKET.
UNEMPLOYMENT HAS BEEN STABLE
THE LAST FEW MONTHS.
AS FOR SPENDING, BANK OF
AMERICA CAME ON THE PROGRAM A
FEW TIMES AND TALKED ABOUT
CARTER SPENDING AND SAID THERE
WAS A PICKUP IN THE BACK PART
OF THE SUMMER.
ARE WE SEEING THE CONSUMER
REENGAGE AS WELL. LISA:
WE ARE SEEING SOME INTERESTING
REPORTS IN TEXAS BUT PEOPLE
DIDN'T TAKE BACK THE IDEA THAT
THIS WOULD BE SOMETHING OF A
WEAKER READ ON THE U.S.
LABOR MARKET EVEN THOUGH SOME
WERE DISCOUNTING THIS AS AN
ABERRATION ALSO AFFECTED BY
SEASONALITY.
YOU PUT THIS TOGETHER AND YOU
WONDER IF PEOPLE ARE AWAITING
NEAR-TERM WEAKNESS, SAY THAT IT
COULD SPUR THE FED TO CUT RATES.
JONATHAN:
ALLOW ME TO CONFRONT THIS IN
REAL TIME BECAUSE THE NEWS IS
COMING IN FROM THE PRESIDENT.
RATHER ACTIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA
THIS MORNING.
SUBJECT TO SEC APPROVAL,
COMPANIES AND CORPORATIONS
SHOULD NO LONGER BE FORCED TO
REPORT ON A QUARTERLY BASIS BUT
RATHER TO REPORT ON A SIX-MONTH
BASIS.
THAT WOULD SAVE MONEY AND ALLOW
MANAGERS TO FOCUS ON PROPERLY
RUNNING THEIR COMPANIES.
DID YOU HEAR THAT CHINA HAS A
50 TO 100 YEAR VIEW ON
COMPANIES WHERE AS WE RUN ON A
QUARTERLY BASIS?
THIS IS JUST A SOCIAL MEDIA
POST BUT HOW SERIOUSLY SHOULD
WE TAKE THIS RECOMMENDATION
FROM THE PRESIDENT? LISA:
I CANNOT ANSWER THAT, SO I WILL
PUNT, BUT ULTIMATELY THIS MAY
GIVE A LENS TO THE ISSUES ON
THE TABLE AS YOU U.S.
HEADS INTO THIS MEETING WITH
CHINA, THIS QUESTION OF
COMPETITION, HOW THE U.S.
REMAINS COMPETITIVE GIVEN THESE
COMPANIES WILL HAVE TO TAKE
DIFFICULT STEPS IN THE SHORT
TERM TO REARRANGE THEIR SUPPLY
CHAINS TO DIVEST AWAY FROM
CHINA.
THERE IS A LOT BEHIND THIS IN
TERMS OF THE CONTEXT.
JONATHAN:
LET'S TAKE A STEP BACK AND JUST
SAY, FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE THIS
MORNING, THERE WILL BE A
SUPPORTIVE YOU COME AND THERE
WILL BE A CRITICAL VIEW.
WE NEED TO TAKE A LONGER-TERM
VISION, HOW LONGER-TERM GOALS.
WHAT CAN WE DO TO HELP ACHIEVE
THAT?
FROM A CRITICAL VIEW, THIS IS
AN EFFORT TO REDUCE
TRANSPARENCY AT A TIME WHEN THE
ECONOMY IS NOT DOING SO WELL
AND THESE COMPANIES WILL NOT
HAVE A GOOD STORY TO TELL. LISA:
IT WILL BE DIRECTLY TIED TO
SOME OF THE INITIATIVES HE HAS
BEEN TALKING ABOUT.
WE HAVE SEEN COMPANIES RAISE
CONCERNS ABOUT HIRING PLANS AS
A RESULT OF THE TRADE
UNCERTAINTY, POTENTIAL CHARGES
THEY WOULD HAVE TO PAY.
THAT IS THE SKEPTICAL VIEW.
AT THE SAME TIME, HE IS
CORRECT, IF IT IS A LONGER-TERM
FOCUS, THAT HE WISHES TO DIRECT.
IT IS JUST VERY INTERESTING
TIMING.
HE IS VERY ACTIVE ON SOCIAL
MEDIA THIS MORNING. JONATHAN:
TYLER KENDALL IS IN WASHINGTON,
D.C. WE WILL GRAB HER TO GET HER
THOUGHTS IN A MOMENT.
IN THE NEXT HOUR, WE WILL CATCH
UP WITH SEEMA SHAH AS STOCK
STREET NEAR SESSION HIGHS.
TOM NARAYAN AS AUTO TARIFFS HIT
THE SECTOR.
AND ABIGAIL WATT WITH A KEY
MEETING JUST AROUND THE CORNER.
SEEMA SHAH WRITING, WE
ANTICIPATE THREE 25 BASIS POINT
CUTS THIS YEAR FOLLOWED BY A
PAUSE AS THE FED REASSESSES THE
ECONOMIC LANDSCAPE.
GOOD MORNING. SEEMA:
GREAT TO BE HERE. JONATHAN:
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT
DISCLOSURES AS WELL.
LET'S START WITH THE FED.
WHAT ARE YOU EXPECTING, IS
THERE ATTENTION IN THE MARKET
AT THE MOMENT?
WE SEEM TO BE OVERWEIGHTING THE
RATE CUTS AND UNDER WAITING THE
REASON FOR THEM. SEEMA:
WE ARE EXPECTING THREE CUTS
STARTING ON WEDNESDAY.
WE DO THINK THEY WILL GO INTO A
SEQUENCE OF CUTS, QUICKLY TAKE
THE ECONOMY TO NEUTRAL, AND
THEN REASSESS WHERE THINGS ARE
MOVING.
TO YOUR POINT, THE ECONOMIC
DATA IS REALLY CONFUSING RIGHT
NOW. THE LABOR MARKET IS SLOWING
ACCORDING TO THE NUMBERS BUT
THE BROADER ECONOMIC PICTURE IS
FINE BUT SLOWING, NOT HEADING
TO WHAT RECESSION.
CREDIT SPREADS ARE INCREDIBLY
TIGHT, EARNINGS ARE STRONG.
IT IS A MURKY PICTURE BUT ONE
WHERE THE FED IDEALLY GETS IN
FRONT OF THE STORY, MAKES SURE
THIS SLOWDOWN DOES NOT SPIRAL
OUT OF CONTROL.
TAKING INTO NEUTRAL GIVES THEM
A MOMENT TO REFLECT. JONATHAN:
MANY HAVE TALKED ABOUT
POSITIONING TO ACCELERATE IN
THIS ECONOMY. SEEMA:
I HAVE A SLIGHT ISSUE WITH THE
WORD REACCELERATION.
THERE WILL BE A NUMBER OF
FACTORS THAT YOU'LL HAVE.
YOU HAVE THE RATE CUTS, FISCAL
STIMULUS, IDEALLY MORE
CERTAINTY AROUND WHERE TARIFFS
ARE HEADING, AND ALL OF THAT
MOVE THE ECONOMY TO A SLIGHTLY
STRONGER PATH.
BUT WE DON'T SEE THE ECONOMY
ABOVE TREND GROWTH EVEN BY THE
END OF 2026.
THIS IS A MUDDLING THROUGH
SCENARIO.
BUT FOR EQUITIES, MUDDLING
THROUGH IS OK, YOU JUST DON'T
GET VERY STRONG RETURNS. LISA:
I AM STILL DISTRACTED TRYING TO
UNDERSTAND WHAT IT WOULD DO TO
THIS ECONOMY IF COMPANIES
REPORTED LESS FREQUENTLY, GIVEN
THE FACT THAT THE PRESIDENT IS
TALKING ABOUT THAT.
DO YOU EXPECT MORE CLARITY FROM
COMPANIES TO SHOW THEY ARE
ACTUALLY MANAGING WELL THROUGH
THE UNCERTAINTY WITH TARIFFS?
ARE TARIFFS STILL A GOOD THING
FOR COMPANIES, WHICH HAS BEEN
THE TAKE AWAY FROM A LOT OF
ANALYSIS AFTER GETTING EARNINGS?
THEY HAVE MANAGED TO INNOVATE
THEIR WAY THROUGH THIS,
INCREASED THEIR PROFIT MARGIN
MORE THAN EXPECTED.
DO YOU BELIEVE THAT? SEEMA:
I THINK THE CHALLENGES WILL GET
BIGGER. WE DO A SURVEY OF SMALL
BUSINESSES GOING BACK MANY
YEARS.
THE THING THAT WE ARE SEEING IS
THAT THESE COMPANIES ARE ALMOST
STANDING STILL.
THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO NAVIGATE
THIS, SO THEY ARE NOT RAISING
PRICES, BUT THEIR MARGINS ARE
BEING EATEN AWAY.
WITHIN THE NEXT COUPLE OF
QUARTERS, THEY WILL HAVE TO
START RAISING PRICES, AND THEN
YOU'LL SEE A FEE THROUGH.
IT IS OK FOR NOW BUT WE NEED TO
GET FURTHER CLARITY.
BUSINESSES THEMSELVES DON'T
HAVE THAT CLARITY YET BUT IT IS
GETTING BETTER. LISA:
DOES THIS UNDERMINE YOUR
CONFIDENCE IN U.S. EQUITIES?
DOESN'T MAKE YOU LOOK TO
EUROPE, OR DOES IT MAKE YOU
SAY, IT IS STILL THE QUEEN
ASSURED IN THE DIRTY LAUNDRY
BEEN, WHATEVER CLICHE YOU WANT
TO USE? SEEMA:
COUNTRIES WILL ALWAYS ADOPT
AROUND THE SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES.
WHAT IS INTERESTING IS THAT
EUROPE HAS DONE WELL BUT THE
FUNDAMENTAL PICTURE IS NOT AS
STRONG AS WE HAVE IN THE U.S.
ALSO GETTING TO WHERE THE END
THE RATE CUTS, WE HAVE TO SEE
HOW THAT FISCAL STIMULUS WILL
MOVE THROUGH.
BUT INTERESTINGLY, ACROSS
EUROPEAN CITIES, THERE IS MORE
MOVEMENT IN TERMS OF THINKING
ABOUT DEALS.
THEY FEEL LIKE THEY HAVE MORE
CLARITY, THEY KNOW HOW TO
NAVIGATE THE ENVIRONMENT.
AT THAT POINT, GIVEN THE
VALUATIONS ARE STILL VERY MUCH
IN EUROPE'S FAVOR, YOU COULD
SEE THIS CONTINUED UPTURN.
FROM A FUNDAMENTAL PERSPECTIVE,
I WOULD STILL PREFER THE U.S.
OVER EUROPE. JONATHAN:
THE PRESIDENT INDICATING MAYBE
WE SHOULD MOVE AWAY FROM
QUARTERLY REPORTING, MAYBE TO A
SIX-MONTH BASIS.
YOU FOLLOW THE STOCK MARKET.
HOW WOULD YOU FEEL ABOUT THAT?
SEEMA: PLEASE DON'T DO THAT.
WE NEED THAT INFORMATION.
THE LAST SIX MONTHS, WE HAVE
BEEN SEEING, HOW ARE COMPANIES
DEALING WITH THESE TARIFFS?
IF YOU DON'T HAVE THAT
INFORMATION, HOW CAN YOU TRADE,
ESPECIALLY WHEN THE ECONOMIC
DATA IS SO MURKY?
TRANSPARENCY IS KEY TO TRADING
THIS MARKET.
IT WILL BE INCREASINGLY
IMPORTANT AS WE GO FORWARD WITH
CONCERNS AROUND THE FED
INDEPENDENCE.
TOO MUCH IS UNCLEAR. JONATHAN:
YOU PUT THE EMPHASIS ON
REDUCING TRANSPARENCY.
OTHERS SAY THAT CORPORATE
MANAGEMENT TEAMS ARE TOO
FOCUSED ON EARNINGS AND NOT THE
LONG GOALS OF THE COMPANY.
DO YOU THINK THERE IS SOME
TENSION ON THAT POINT? SEEMA:
YOU CAN TO GET THROUGH TO
POLITICS AS WELL, AS PRESIDENT
TRUMP SAID, COMPARES IT TO
CHINA WHICH HAS THAT 100 YEAR
PLAN.
YOU CAN SEE SOME BENEFITS, OF
COURSE, BUT AS AN INVESTOR, YOU
NEED TO SEE THAT TRANSPARENCY,
YOU NEED TO KNOW WHAT
MANAGEMENT IS DOING.
PARTICULARLY, RIGHT NOW, WITH
THIS AS A BACKDROP, HAVING THAT
INFORMATION IS INCREDIBLY
HELPFUL. JONATHAN:
SEEMA SHAH, THANK YOU.
THIS FROM THE PRESIDENT,
SUBJECT TO SEC APPROVAL,
COMPANIES SHOULD NO LONGER BE
FORCED TO REPORT ON A QUARTERLY
BASIS BUT RATHER ON A SIX-MONTH
BASIS.. LISA:
THINKING ABOUT THE POSITIVE
WAYS TO LOOK AT THIS.
COMPANY SHOULD BE PLANNING
LONGER-TERM.
I WOULD ARGUE THAT INVESTORS
HAVE BEEN.
ALL OF THE EARNINGS CALLS
RECENTLY HAVE BEEN COLORED BY
FORWARD-LOOKING VIEWS AND
PROJECTIONS, MUCH MORE THAN
PASS LOOK PERFORMANCE.
WE HAVE SEEN THE HOPES AND
DREAMS OF PARTICULARLY TECH
COMPANIES DRIVING A LOT OF THE
PERFORMANCE, NOT NECESSARILY
ANY LOSSES OR MRS.. THAT IS
MORE OF A FORWARD LOOK.
I WONDER WHAT EXACTLY IS BEHIND
THIS, ESPECIALLY THE MENTION
WITH CHINA? JONATHAN:
I IMAGINE WE CAN GET ON THE
PHONE WITH TYLER KENDALL.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THAT?
TYLER:
TO PICK UP ON LISA'S POINT, THE
KEY IN THIS POST FROM THE
PRESIDENT IS HIS COMPARISON
WHEN IT COMES TO CHINA.
WE KNOW THAT ALL EYES THIS
MORNING ARE ON MADRID AS THEY
CONTINUE THE SECOND DAY OF
DISCUSSIONS.
THIS ADMINISTRATION HAS HAD
THIS PUSH AND PULL WITH THE
PRIVATE SECTOR WHEN IT COMES TO
THEIR OWN TARIFF PLANS.
PRESIDENT TRUMP MAKING THE
SUGGESTION, SEEM TO ALLUDE TO
THE IDEA THAT THERE NEEDS TO BE
MORE OF A FORWARD-LOOKING
OUTLOOK WHEN IT COME TO THE
PRIVATE SECTOR AND THEIR
MANUFACTURING PLANTS, HOW THAT
COULD PLAY INTO THIS IDEA THAT
AT THE HEART OF THE TARIFFS, WE
HEARD THERE NEEDS TO BE MORE
RESHORING WHEN IT COMES TO
DOMESTIC PRODUCTION.
THE OTHER SIDE OF THIS, THE
PRESIDENT HAS TAKEN AIM BEFORE
AT THOSE PRIVATE SECTOR
COMPANIES WHEN IT COME TO THE
PRODUCTION OF THEIR PLANS.
YOU RECALL HE TOLD HOME DEPOT
THAT HE WOULD BE WATCHING,
THREATENED AMAZON AFTER THEY
SAID THEY WERE GOING TO SHOW
THAT TARIFF TRANSPARENCY.
IT PAINTS A BIGGER PICTURE OF
BOTH SIDES, PRESIDENT PUTTING
PRESSURE ON THE COMPANIES, AND
PERHAPS GIVING HIS IDEA THAT HE
WANTS TO SEE MORE OF A FORWARD
OUTLOOK FOR HIS PLANS, GROWING
THE ECONOMY. JONATHAN:
TYLER KENDALL, THANK YOU.
MOMENTS AGO FROM THE PRESIDENT,
SUBJECT TO SEC APPROVAL,
COMPANIES AND CORPORATIONS
SHOULD KNOW LONGER BE FORCED TO
REPORT ON A QUARTERLY BASIS BUT
RATHER ON A SIX-MONTH BASIS.
NEXT ON THE PROGRAM, THE
MORNING CALLS, PLUS TOM NARAYAN
OF RBC AS TARIFF HEADWINDS HIT
THE AUTO SECTOR.
LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY, GOOD
MORNING.
♪
>> AT THE MOMENT, IF I HAD TO
GUESS, OUR NEGOTIATORS ARE
PEELING -- FEELING PRETTY GOOD
IN THAT ROOM.
THAT THEY DON'T HAVE TO GIVE
IN, THEY CAN ACHIEVE THE STATUS
QUO, THEY CAN KEEP TIKTOK AND
KEEP THIS THING STUMBLING ALONG.
TIKTOK HAS BEFUDDLED MANY
ADMINISTRATIONS. JONATHAN:
THAT WAS THE FORMER WHITE HOUSE
TRADE OFFICIAL ON THE TALKS
TAKING PLACE TODAY IN SPAIN
BETWEEN THE U.S. AND CHINA.
THE EQUITY MARKET NEAR SESSION
HIGHS.
THE OPENING BELL, ONE HOUR, 14
MINUTES AWAY.
NASDAQ FUTURES POSITIVE BY 0.2%.
HERE ARE SOME MORNING CALLS.
OUTPERFORM RATING ON NVIDIA
NOTING THE STRENGTH OF AI
INCREASING DEMAND.
THE STOCK IS DOWN BY 1.8%.
THE SECOND CALL FROM CITI,
UPGRADING UNION PACIFIC TO A
BUY.
UBS RAISING ITS PRICE TARGET ON
MICRON, SAYING DEMAND FROM
HYPERSCALERS REMAINS ROBUST.
THE STOCK IS UP THIS MORNING BY
.3%. TESLA SHARES RISING IN THE
PREMARKET THAT HAS ELON MUSK
DOUBLES DOWN ON HIS OWN COMPANY.
THAT STOCK IS HIGHER BY 7.5%.
WITH THE LATEST, HERE IS CRAIG
TRUDELL.
>> THIS IS A ROUGHLY
BILLION-DOLLAR PURCHASE WHICH
IS A COUCH CUSHION CHANGE FOR
MR. MUSK BUT IT IS A SHOW OF
CONFIDENCE IN THIS COMPANY AT A
TIME WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE A
WHOLE LOT OF BUY SIGNALS.
YOU HAVE DISAPPOINTING SALES
DATA IN EUROPE IN PARTICULAR.
IN CHINA, WE HAVE SEEN SALES
CONTINUE TO SLUMP.
INDICATION THAT IN THE U.S.
THEIR SHARE OF THE EV MARKET,
WHICH IS WIDELY EXPECTED TO GO
LOWER AS A RESULT OF THE
PULLBACK IN TAX INCENTIVES,
THEIR SHARE OF THAT MARKET IS
SHRINKING AND CONTINUES TO
SHRINK.
WILL THEY HAVE A STRONGER THIRD
QUARTER WITH A LOT OF CONSUMERS
IN THE U.S.
MARKET ACCELERATING PURCHASES
TO TRY TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF
THOSE TAX CREDITS BEFORE THEY
GO AWAY? I THINK THAT'S WHY THE
EXPECTED.
THE QUESTION IS WHAT CAN MUSK
DO TO MAINTAIN THIS POSITIVITY
EVEN IN THE FACE OF WHAT HE HAS
WARNED MAY BE A FEW ROUGH
QUARTERS IN THE MONTHS AHEAD.
JONATHAN:
DO YOU HAVE ANY THOUGHTS ON THE
TIMING OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT
THIS MORNING? CRAIG:
IT MAKES TESLA'S BOARD JOB
EASIER SELLING THIS PAY
PACKAGE, REINFORCES THE IDEA
THAT IF YOU APPROVE THIS GUY'S
TRILLION DOLLAR COMPENSATION
PLAN, IT WILL BE GOOD FOR THE
COMPANY.
IT WILL GET BUY-IN FROM HIM,
WILL BRING HIM BACK TO THE FOLD
AT A TIME WHEN HE IS REGULARLY
ON SOCIAL MEDIA, OFTEN TIMES
POSTING ABOUT ANYTHING BUT
TESLA.
WE SAW THAT EVEN THIS WEEKEND.
THESE MIXED SIGNALS, WE HAVE
NOT SEEN MUSK PUT HIS HEAD DOWN
AND PUT POLITICS ASIDE FOR
TESLA, ASIDE FROM THIS STOCK
PURCHASE.
THIS IS A CONTRADICTORY SIGNAL
AT A TIME WHEN OVER THE WEEKEND
HE HAVE BEEN WEIGHING IN ON THE
PROTESTS HERE IN LONDON WHICH
ARE HIGHLY CHARGED, DRAWN SOME
CRITICISM FOR SOME REALLY
CHARGED LANGUAGE THAT SOME SAY
MAY HAVE INCITED VIOLENCE OVER
THE WEEKEND. JONATHAN:
I APPRECIATE IT.
CRAIG TRUDELL, THE LATEST WITH
TESLA.
HERE IS THE LATEST ON TRADE
FROM THE PRESIDENT.
THE TRADE MEETING IN EUROPE
BETWEEN THE U.S.
AND CHINA, HE SAYS, HAS GONE
WELL.
IT WILL BE CONCLUDING SHORTLY.
THE DEAL WAS ALSO REACHED ON A
CERTAIN COMPANY THAT YOUNG
PEOPLE IN OUR COUNTRY WANTED TO
SAVE. THEY WILL BE VERY HAPPY.
I'LL BE SPEAKING WITH PRESIDENT
XI ON FRIDAY.
THE RELATIONSHIP REMAINS A
STRONG ONE. LISA:
THE BIG HEADLINE, XI JINPING
AND DONALD TRUMP ARE GOING TO
BE SPEAKING ON FRIDAY,
ACCORDING TO HIS TRUTH SOCIAL
POST. A REAL QUESTION ABOUT
WHAT FORMAT THAT WILL TAKE,
WHETHER IT WILL CULMINATE SOME
SORT OF AGREEMENT.
THE FACT THAT THEY GOT A TIKTOK
DEAL, IS THAT THE ENTIRETY OF
THE CONVERSATION, OR IS THIS
KICKING OFF A NEW PARAMETER FOR
TRADE DISCUSSIONS BETWEEN THE
NATIONS WHEN THERE ARE STILL
QUESTIONS AROUND THE SANCTIONS
PARTICULARLY INVOLVING RUSSIA?
JONATHAN:
PERFECT TIME TO TALK TO TOM
NARAYAN OF RBC.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS NEWS?
TOM: ULTIMATELY WE THINK ALL OF
THESE TARIFF DISCUSSIONS ARE
ABOUT TRADE DEFICITS.
WE USE TO THINK THAT IT WAS
BOTH FIXED ON CHINA.
IT IS ACTUALLY NOT CHINA.
THAT SAID, THERE IS A FEAR.
YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING IN
EUROPE WITH CHINESE AUTOMAKERS
AND THE INFILTRATION THEY ARE
HAVING.
THAT IS PROBABLY GOING TO
HAPPEN AT SOME POINT IN THE U.S.
HOW WILL IT HAPPEN?
THE PRESIDENT HAS SAID IN THE
PAST IT WOULD BE OK IF IT IS
GOOD FOR U.S.
JOBS, IF IT INCREASES
PRODUCTION IN THE U.S., JV WITH
AN AUTOMAKER IS PROBABLY HOW IT
WILL HAPPEN.
BUT ALL OF THESE TARIFFS ARE
THEREFORE THE PRESIDENT
BELIEVES IS A TRADE DEFICIT
ISSUE. JONATHAN:
EVEN IF WE MANAGE TO REMOVE THE
SO BARRIERS TO ENTRY, I WONDER
HOW COMPETITIVE ANY OF THE
MANUFACTURERS IN EUROPE OR THE
U.S.
CAN BE IN THE CHINESE MARKET AT
THE MOMENT? TOM:
IN THE CHINESE MARKET,
ABSOLUTELY, THAT IS THE BIG
ISSUE.
THEY OWN THE BATTERY ECOSYSTEM.
IT WILL BE A WHILE.
PROBABLY YOU WILL HAVE MORE
RETRENCHING, WHICH IS NOT SUCH
A BIG DEAL FOR U.S.
OEMS. IT'S A BIGGER PROBLEM FOR
EUROPEAN OEMS. THEY HAD TO SELL
MORE EV'S.
THEY HAVE TO BE OK WITH LOSING
MARKET SHARE THERE BUT KIND OF
STAYING IN THE MIX. LISA:
A QUESTION ABOUT HOW
COMPETITIVE U.S.
MANUFACTURERS CAN BE IF THE
TARIFFS ON CHINESE GOODS IN
PARTICULAR STAY ON.
HOW IMPORTANT IS IT FOR THESE
TARIFFS TO COME IN ESPECIALLY
GIVEN THERE ARE GUARDRAILS NOW
ON MEXICAN IMPORTS OF CHINESE
VEHICLE PARTS, THINGS OF THAT
NATURE AS WELL? TOM:
THAT IS TRUE.
I DO WONDER IF PART OF THE
MEXICO TARIFFS HAVE MORE TO DO
WITH A POTENTIAL DEAL BEING
STRUCK BETWEEN THE U.S.
AND MEXICO.
WE HAVE TALKED TO TRADE EXPERTS
RECENTLY WHO SEEM TO SUGGEST
-- USMCA WILL GET RENEGOTIATED
-- IT COULD BE ADVANTAGEOUS FOR
COMPANIES WITH BUSINESS IN
MEXICO.
PERHAPS A BILATERAL DEAL OR
MAYBE YOU GOT SOME U.S.
CONTENTING.
IT IS NOT HARD TO GROW FROM 40%
TO 50%. LISA:
SOME HAVE SAID THERE IS A
GREATER DEGREE OF CERTAINTY
AROUND TARIFFS NOW, AND NOW
COMPANIES CAN GO OUT AND HAVE
GREATER CONVICTION WITH THEIR
INVESTMENT PLANS, HIRING PLANS.
IS THERE CERTAINTY IN THE AUTO
SPACE?
WHAT HAVE WE LEARNED THAT HAS
GIVEN MORE CONVICTION TO THE
AUTO MANUFACTURERS THAT YOU
COVER? TOM: GREAT QUESTION.
I HAVE TO GIVE YOU GUYS CREDIT,
ANNMARIE FOR BEING RIGHT ON
THIS ALL ALONG.
WE THOUGHT WE WOULD HAVE DEALS
ACROSS THE BORDER EARLY ON.
WE UNDERESTIMATED THE FACT THAT
THESE TARIFFS ARE REAL.
I THINK THAT DOES CREATE SOME
CERTAINTY.
AT LEAST WE KNOW THE 15% NUMBER.
THE OTHER THING THAT WE KNOW --
15% IS THE WORST CASE SCENARIO.
I THINK WE KNOW IT WILL NOT GET
WORSE.
TRADE EXPERT SAID THAT WE WOULD
PROBABLY GET CARVEOUTS,
PROBABLY GET CREDITS.
VOLKSWAGEN HAS TALKED ABOUT
MAKING MASSIVE INVESTMENTS IN
THE U.S.
OEM TO GOVERNMENT DEALS THAT
GET OFFSETS WHERE TARIFFS
PROBABLY COME DOWN, THERE IS A
REASON WHY THE AUTO SECTOR HAS
TREATED WELL IN THE PAST RECENT
MONTHS, BECAUSE OF THE
CERTAINTY.
GM IS MAKING THE $4 BILLION
INVESTMENT, MOVING THE BLAZER
AND EQUINOX TO THE U.S.
LET'S NOT FORGET, U.S.
SALES DEMAND, AUTO SALES, IS ON
FIRE.
PEOPLE FORGET, POST-PANDEMIC,
WE DIDN'T BUY CARS FOR FOUR
YEARS. WE HAVE DONE OUR EQUITY
RESEARCH MATH, YOU LOOK AT THE
RATES, LABOR MARKET, AGE OF
FLEET, VEHICLE DENSITY, YOU
REALIZE THERE IS A 7 MILLION
VEHICLE DEFICIT.
PEOPLE DIDN'T BUY CARS ALL
THESE YEARS.
NOW THE DEMAND IS STILL THERE.
I THINK THAT CAN SUPPORT THESE
AUTOMAKERS EVEN WITH THESE
TARIFFS. JONATHAN:
IS NOW A GOOD TIME TO MOVE AWAY
FROM QUARTERLY REPORTING? TOM:
AS AN EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
WE DEFINITELY LIKE THE
REPORTING.
I THINK INVESTORS WANT THAT, AS
WELL. KNOWLEDGE IS CUMULATIVE.
MORE DATA IS BETTER THAN LESS
DATA. JONATHAN: APPRECIATE IT.
TOM NARAYAN OF RBC.
A FIRE HOSE OF NEWS IN THE PAST
24 HOURS.
THE PRESIDENT SUGGESTED GOING
AWAY FROM QUARTERLY REPORTING,
GOING TO SOMETHING MORE ON A
SIX-MONTH BASIS.
THEN THE PRESIDENT SAYING HE
WILL SPEAK TO PRESIDENT XI ON
FRIDAY. LISA:
SUGGESTING THERE WILL BE SOME
AGREEMENT THAT WILL MAKE YOUNG
PEOPLE HAPPY WHICH IS PROBABLY
TIKTOK.
AS YOU WERE MENTIONING, A
QUESTION AROUND WHAT THE
CONTOURS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE,
EXACTLY WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP IS
TALKING ABOUT.
IS IT CONNECTED, THE IDEA OF
QUARTERLY REPORTING, SIX-MONTH
REPORTING, OR JUST STREAM OF
CONSCIOUSNESS? JONATHAN:
SESSION HIGHS ON THE S&P 500.
COMING UP, ABIGAIL WATT OF UBS
WITH A KEY FED MEETING AROUND
THE CORNER.
JONATHAN:
THE OPENING BELL 60 MINUTES
AWAY.
8-DAY WINNING RUN ON THE NASDAQ
100, ALL-TIME HIGHS.
WITH YOUR MORNING MOVERS, HERE
IS DANI. DANI:
BIG NEWS FOR TESLA.
ELON MUSK HAS PURCHASED $1
BILLION IN STOCK FRIDAY.
IT COINCIDES WITH HIM GETTING
THE $1 TRILLION PROPOSED AWARD
IF HE MEETS LOFTY TARGETS OVER
THE NEXT 10 YEARS.
THOSE SHARES MOVING HIGHER BY
8.1%. BUT TO THE DOWNSIDE, IT IS
NVIDIA WITH CHINA FINDING
NVIDIA VIOLATED THE ENTIRE
MONOPOLY LAWS -- ANTI-MONOPOLY
LAWS SO INVESTIGATIONS GO
FURTHER.
WE ALSO SEEK NOT JUST THE
TARGET NVIDIA BUT OTHER
AMERICAN CHIPMAKERS.
CHINA SAYS THEY ARE
INVESTIGATING.
THOSE CHIPS ARE MADE BY ANALOG
DEVICES AND TEXAS INSTRUMENTS,
SO THOSE SHARES FALL BY 2.5%
AND 2.8%. JONATHAN:
APPRECIATE THOSE UPDATES.
THE OPENING BELL ABOUT 60
MINUTES FROM NOW.
BREAKING NEWS, PRESIDENT TRUMP
SAYING HE WILL BE SPEAKING WITH
THE CHINESE LEADER ON FRIDAY.
WITH THE LATEST COME HERE IS
TYLER KENDALL -- WITH THE
LATEST, HERE IS TYLER KENDALL.
>> TYLER: PRESIDENT TRUMP SEEMS
TO BE ELUDING THERE COULD BE A
DEAL ON TIKTOK.
OUR REPORTING REPEATEDLY SAID
CHINESE ADVISORS PREFERRED TO
IRON OUT ANY OUTSTANDING
DETAILED BEFORE PUTTING XI ON
THE PHONE SO THIS COULD
INDICATE THEY ARE CLOSE TO
CEMENTING THE DEAL.
SINCE THE ARCA RACING, THAT
IT'S ONLY BEEN ONE PUBLICLY
REPORTED CALL -- SINCE THE
INAUGURATION, THERE HAS ONLY
BEEN ONE PUBLICLY REPORTED CALL
AND IT WAS AT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
REQUEST.
PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID THEY HAD
HAD TALKS SO IT IS UNCLEAR HOW
MANY TIMES THEY HAVE SPOKEN.
PERHAPS WE GET SOME UPDATE AS
WE KNOW THE WHITE HOUSE IS
AIMING FOR A MEETING BETWEEN
THE LEADERS IN PERSON NEXT
MONTH AT THE SUMMIT IN SOUTH
KOREA.
I WOULD QUICKLY ADD THAT WE
HEARD FROM YOU PRESIDENT -- THE
PRESIDENT THAT HE HAS BEEN
WATCHING CHINA CLOSELY AS THE
LEADER HAS ALIGNED WITH THE
INDIAN PRIME MINISTER AND
RUSSIAN PRESIDENT, INVITING
THEM TO THE COUNTRY IN RECENT
WEEKS FOR A SECURITY SUMMIT.
PERHAPS THIS IS NOW PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S TURN TO SPEAK WITH THE
LEADER. JONATHAN:
EQUITIES NEAR SESSION HIGHS.
META DOWN A LITTLE BIT, .5%.
LISA:
IF THEY HAVE A PHONE CALL, IT
IS A ROTARY PHONE, CELL PHONE,
OR SOME KIND OF ZOOM CALL ,
WITH EVERYONE AROUND THEM?
TRANSLATORS?
I'M CURIOUS WHAT THE
CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE. JONATHAN:
A CALL IS REMARKABLE GIVEN WHAT
THE PRESIDENT WAS PUSHING FOR
OVER THE WEEKEND. LISA:
XI DOES NOT WANT TO GET ON THE
PHONE UNLESS HE HAS A SENSE OF
WHAT HE IS GETTING INTO.
I AM CURIOUS WHAT HE IS GETTING
INTO. JONATHAN:
OVER THE WEEKEND, THE PRESIDENT
WAS PUSHING THE EUROPEANS TO
PUT TARIFFS ON THE CHINESE.
LISA:
HOW DID THINGS EASE IN SUCH A
SIGNIFICANT WAY?
THIS IS INCLUDE SOME SIDE
AGREEMENT WITH RUSSIA?
IT IS EXHAUSTING TO GET YOUR
HEAD AROUND THE DETAILS AND
SPINNING WHEELS. JONATHAN:
REMEMBER THE BREAKING NEWS LAST
WEEK ABOUT QUARTERLY EARNINGS
ON A SIX-MONTH BASIS.
30 MINUTES AGO.
DIFFICULT TO KEEP UP.
A BUSY WEEK ON DECK WITH HIGHLY
ANTICIPATED FED RATE DECISION
AROUND THE CORNER ON WEDNESDAY.
A STATEMENT, NEWS CONFERENCE,
AND MICHAEL MCKEE'S FORECAST AS
WELL. WHAT ARE YOU FOCUSED ON?
MICHAEL:
THE REST OF THE WEEK IS GOING
TO BE CRAZY. WE START TODAY WITH
MANUFACTURING.
THERE'S A BIG DROP IN EMPIRE TO
-8.7 PERCENT, 20% DROP ON MONTH.
THE INTERESTING THING IS PRICES
PAID IMPROVED A LITTLE BIT.
WE WILL KEEP AN EYE ON WHAT
THAT MIGHT MEAN FOR THE FED AND
OVERALL ECONOMY.
THE FED IS THE KEY THING THIS
WEEK.
BEFORE WE GET THERE, WE GET
RETAIL SALES TOMORROW.
A LOT OF FOCUS ON THAT AS
PEOPLE TRY TO FIGURE OUT IF THE
CONSUMER IS BEING HURT BY THE
TARIFF STUFF AND FISCAL
POLICIES THE PRESIDENT HAS
ADOPTED.
RIGHT NOW, THE FORECAST IS FOR
AN INCREASE BUT NOT AS MUCH AS
BEFORE.
WEDNESDAY IS THE FED MEETING.
THURSDAY, JOBLESS CLAIMS AND
PHILLY FED.
THERE ARE INDICATORS
THAT PEOPLE ARE GOING TO WANT
TO WATCH, BUT THE FED MEETING
WILL BE DETERMINING IF THE
PRESIDENT WANTS 50 BASIS POINTS
OR MORE.
AT THIS POINT COME THE FED NOT
LIKELY TO GIVE IT TO HIM.
WE HAVE DEVELOPMENT BEFORE WE
GET THERE.
THE SENATE EXPECTED TO CONFIRM
STEPHEN MIRAN TO THE FED BOARD
OF GOVERNORS.
AN APPEALS COURT DECISION ON
LISA COOK IS ANTICIPATED, NOT
GUARANTEED.
THE ADMINISTRATION ASKED FOR
THE RIGHT TO FIRE HER BEFORE
THE MEETING STARTS TOMORROW.
THE FED MEETING STARTS TUESDAY
AT 9:00 EASTERN.
THE FED DECISION 2:00 WEDNESDAY
EASTERN TIME.
I KNOW YOU WILL BE WITH US TO
FERRY US THROUGH ALL THE
CRAZINESS. JONATHAN:
I MIGHT BE AROUND FOR THE FED
DECISION. YOU NEVER KNOW.
THANK YOU, LOOKING FORWARD TO
THAT NEWS CONFERENCE WHERE HE
WILL BE ASKING THE HARD
QUESTIONS. I WILL BE RIGHT HERE.
LISA:
DO YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO TELL
US? JONATHAN: ABSOLUTELY NOT.
RETAIL SALES, TO CHANGE THE
SUBJECT, YOU'VE MENTIONED THIS
A FEW TIMES OVER THE LAST FEW
HOURS. I WOULD NOT OVERLOOK THAT
PRINT.
WE KNOW WE HAVE HAD A MASSIVE
STEP DOWN IN PAYROLLS GROWTH
AND PEOPLE DO NOT FEEL GOOD
ABOUT THE ECONOMY.
BUT IT IS HOW THEY ARE SPENDING
THAT MATTERS. LISA:
KIND OF COUNTERINTUITIVE OVER
THE PAST COUPLE OF YEARS.
I AM WONDERING, IS IT STILL
BIFURCATED?
ARE WEALTHIER INDIVIDUALS STILL
SPENDING?
HOW WEEK IS THE ECONOMY?
JONATHAN: R.B.S.
WITH THE FOLLOWING.
WE EXPECT A TOTAL OF 100 BASIS
POINTS OF RATE CUTS.
ABIGAIL JOINS US.
THIS YEAR AS IN THE REST OF
2025? ABIGAIL:. JONATHAN:
ARE YOU EXPECTING 50?
ABIGAIL:
WE HAVE BEEN EXPECTING THE FED
WOULD DELIVER 50 SINCE APRIL.
AFTER THE ANNOUNCEMENTS, WE
FELT WE WOULD SEEK IT COME TO
THE FORE AND THE FED WOULD HAVE
TO MAKE THE DECISION BETWEEN
INFLATION AND WEAKNESS IN THE
LABOR MARKET.
WE CONTINUE TO EXPECT WE WILL
SEE THE 25-BASIS POINT CUT THIS
WEEK. OUR EXPECTATION IS FOR 50.
WE DO HAVE THAT PENCILED IN FOR
DECEMBER.
WEAKNESS IN THE ECONOMY COULD
ACCELERATE IN THE FOURTH
QUARTER.
ONE OF THE KEY THINGS IS RETAIL
SALES.
YOU HAVE SEEN A RELATIVELY WEAK
CONSUMER.
YOU'VE SEEN THE CONSUMER
RUNNING BELOW TREND.
YOU SAW JULY POPPING HIGHER.
I DO THINK THE AUGUST PAYMENT
WILL BE IMPORTANT IN TERMS OF
GETTING A SENSE OF HOW THE
CONSUMER IS FARING. LISA:
IS 20 GOING TO BE A MIRROR
IMAGE OF 2024 WHEN IT COMES TO
100 POINTS OF RATE CUTS INTO
DATA THAT ONLY GETS BETTER
ECONOMICALLY? ABIGAIL:
I THINK IT IS INTERESTING.
WE ARE EXPECTING TO SEE MORE
WEAKNESS ON THE LABOR MARKET
SIDE.
IF WE REMEMBER THE LAYOFF FROM
THE GOVERNMENT SIDE, THAT IS
GOING TO DIM THE AVERAGE
THROUGH THE END OF THE YEAR.
I THINK THERE ARE SIGNS YOU
CONTINUE TO SEE WEAKNESS IN THE
LABOR MARKET DATA.
I THINK THE KEY THING TO NOTE
IS YOU HAVE SEEN WEAKNESS IN
THE CONSUMER BUT YOU HAVE NOT
SEEN THE IMPACT OF TARIFFS YET.
WE ARE JUST STARTING TO SEE
PRICE INCREASES COMING THROUGH
FOR CONSUMERS.
WE SAW A REPORT FROM WALMART
RECENTLY AROUND POTENTIALLY
PASSING THROUGH PRICE INCREASES
IN AUGUST. THAT IS WHY WE ARE
WATCHING CLOSELY WHAT IS
HAPPENING IN THE RETAIL SALES
DATA THIS WEEK.
YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE KIND OF
IMPACT FROM TARIFFS YET ON THE
CONSUMER AND YOU HAVE ALREADY
SEEN A SLOW CONSUMER.
THE QUESTION IS WHEN THAT FEEDS
THROUGH INTO MORE DISPOSABLE
INCOME. AS YOU SEE INFLATION
ACCELERATING, HOW DOES THE
CONSUMER RESPOND? LISA:
YOU HAVE COMPANIES INVESTING
MORE IN AUTOMATING, CREATING
GREATER EFFICIENCIES ESPECIALLY
IN THE FACE OF UNCERTAINTY WITH
RESPECT TO POLICY.
COULD YOU SEE A SLUGGISH LABOR
MARKET AS CORPORATE PROFITS
EXPAND, EVEN AS PEOPLE CONTINUE
TO SPEND? ABIGAIL:
OUR SENSES WE CONTINUE TO SEE
THE LABOR MARKET WE CAN THROUGH
THE END OF THE YEAR AND THE WE
THINK YOU WILL SEE A TURNING
POINT INTO 2026.
THERE ARE A NUMBER OF THINGS TO
LOOK TO IN TERMS OF A MORE
POSITIVE GROWTH OUTLOOK THROUGH
2026.
I THINK THE BITE OF THE TARIFF
POLICIES WITH THE INFLATION
PASSED THROUGH WILL BE THROUGH
THE END OF THE YEAR.
OUR EXPECTATION IS YOU WILL SEE
SOME FISCAL IMPULSE FROM THE
ONE BIG BEAUTIFUL BILL ACT
COMING THROUGH.
WE SHOULD SEE THAT IN THE APRIL
TAX REFUND SEASON.
THAT IS SOMETHING WE ARE
WATCHING OUT FOR TO SEE HOW
THAT FEEDS INTO CONSUMER
BALANCE SHEETS AND HELPS THEM
WHETHER SOME PRICE INCREASES.
JONATHAN:
I THINK THAT FINAL POINT IS
UNDERAPPRECIATED.
A LOT OF PEOPLE VIEW THE TAX
BILL AS AN EXTENSION OF CURRENT
POLICY.
WHAT KIND OF REFUNDS ARE WE
EXPECTING AND WHY? ABIGAIL:
THERE ARE A NUMBER OF CONSUMER
POLICIES AROUND CHILD TAX
CREDITS.
SOME FOCUS FROM THE CAMPAIGN
AROUND DEDUCTIONS, SOME
DEDUCTIONS FOR SENIORS BEING
BOOSTED.
THERE ARE A NUMBER OF DIFFERENT
ELEMENTS WHERE YOU CAN SEE THAT
FEEDING THROUGH TO STRONGER
CONSUMPTION.
I THINK THE QUESTION IS HOW
SUSTAINABLE THAT IS.
I THINK IT WOULD BE AN IMPACT
THROUGH THE SECOND QUARTER IF
WE HAVE ABOUT HIGHER IN TERMS
OF THE PACE OF CONSUMPTION.
BUT IT DOES NOT MEAN THAT WILL
BE SUSTAINED.
THE OTHER THING PEOPLE ARE
WATCHING IS WHAT IS HAPPENING
IN THE INVESTMENT SIDE.
WHEN WE LOOK AT THE INVESTMENT
DYNAMICS IN THE U.S., WE ARE
SEEING A CONCENTRATED INCREASE
IN INVESTMENTS IN AI-RELATED
GOODS AND NOT NECESSARILY
BROAD-BASED INVESTMENT.
I THINK THE QUESTION IS WHETHER
SOME EXTENSION OF THE
EXPERIENCING PROVISIONS FEEDS
INTO STRONGER INVESTMENT NEXT
YEAR.
WE ARE A LITTLE HESITANT GIVEN
THE EXTENT OF THE RESPONSE IN
2017.
THAT IS ANOTHER POTENTIAL BOOST
YOU CAN SEE.
OVERALL, WE STILL EXPECT A PACE
OF GROWTH.
WE ARE STILL BELOW TREND AT
1.6% NEXT YEAR. JONATHAN:
LOOKING FOR 100 BASIS POINTS IN
RATE CUTS AT THE END OF THE
YEAR. THANK YOU.
THIS FROM TREASURY SECRETARY
SCOTT BESSENT MOMENTS AGO.
MORE BREAKING NEWS IN LINE WITH
WHAT THE PRESIDENT ALLUDED TO
ABOUT 15 MINUTES AGO.
THE TREASURY SECRETARY SANG THE
COMMERCIAL TERMS OF A TIKTOK
DEAL HAVE BEEN REACHED.
THEY HAVE BEEN AGREED.
THE FRAMEWORK FOR A DEAL HAS
BEEN REACHED OVER IN SPAIN.
LISA:
SETTING THE BAR FOR THE XI AND
TRUMP CONVERSATION, SCOTT
BESSENT SAYING THEY PLEDGED TO
SPEAK TO COMPLETE THE TIKTOK
DEAL.
HE APPEARS TO BE HAVING A PRESS
CONFERENCE ALONGSIDE JAMIESON
GREER.
I WONDER WHAT THE PARAMETERS
ARE FOR THE DEAL TO GET DONE.
ARE THERE BROADER RAMIFICATIONS
FOR OTHER ASPECTS OF TRADE
NEGOTIATIONS?
WAS THIS ISOLATED TO JUST THIS
ONE COMPANY? JONATHAN:
IT HAS BEEN QUITE A 40 MINUTES
FOR NEWS.
THIS FROM THE PRESIDENT MOMENTS
AGO ON THE FEDERAL RESERVE.
MUST CUT INTEREST RATES,
HOUSING WILL SOAR.
LET'S GET YOU A NEWS WRAP.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP IS OUT WITH
A NEW PROPOSAL FOR WALL STREET,
POSTING ON TRUTH SOCIAL, 72
APPROVAL, COMPANIES AND
CORPORATIONS SHOULD NO LONGER
-- SUBJECT TO APPROVAL,
COMPANIES AND CORPORATIONS --
ADDING CHINA HAS
100-YEAR MANAGEMENT OF
COMPANIES WHILE WE RUN
COMPANIES ON A QUARTERLY BASIS.
THE PRESIDENT POSTING ABOUT
TRADE TALKS WITH CHINA SAYING
THEY ARE GOING WELL.
HE ALSO HINTED THEY HAVE
REACHED A DEAL ON TIKTOK.
HE DID NOT MENTION THE COMPANY
BY NAME BUT SAID IT WAS A
CERTAIN COMPANY YOUNG PEOPLE
WANTED.
SECRETARY BESSENT ALSO ALLUDED
TO THAT.
TRUMP ADDED HE WILL BE SPEAKING
TO PRESIDENT XI ON FRIDAY.
KATHY HOCHUL HAS ENDORSED
ZOHRAN MAMDANI FOR NEW YORK
MAYOR.
SHE WROTE SHE IS CONFIDENT HE
HAS THE COURAGE AND URGENCY NEW
YORK CITY NEEDS.
TRUMP SLAMMED THE MOVE AMID HIS
FLURRY OF TRUTHS THIS MORNING.
JONATHAN: THANK YOU.
NEXT, WE WILL SET YOU UP FOR
THE DAY AHEAD AND GET YOU THE
LATEST FROM SPAIN AND SPEAK TO
GREG PETERS GETTING HIS
REACTION TO DEVELOPMENT ON
TRADE.
FROM NEW YORK CITY, THIS IS
BLOOMBERG.
♪
>> THEY ARE GOING TO PUBLISH
THE SUMMARY OF ECONOMIC
PROJECTIONS.
I THINK THE BIG DEBATE IS IF
THEY SHOW ONE OR TWO CUTS.
I THINK IT WILL BE A CLOSE CALL.
JONATHAN:
WE KNOW WHAT THE MARKET IS
LOOKING FOR.
TWO MORE CUTS AFTER THE CUT
THIS WEEK AND A LOT MORE INTO
2026. THAT WAS BILL DUDLEY.
THE MARKET IS NEAR SESSION
HIGHS . ON THE NASDAQ, UP 0.2%.
THE OPENING ABOUT 42 MINUTES
AWAY. NEW UPDATES FROM SECRETARY
SCOTT BESSENT AND JAMIESON
GREER, LOOKING TO WRAP UP THE
SECOND THEY HAVE TALKS WITH
CHINA IN MADRID, SPAIN.
WITH THE LATEST, HERE IS TYLER
KENDALL. TYLER:
SCOTT BESSENT TELLING REPORTERS
IN MADRID PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
PRESIDENT XI JINPING WILL CROP
UP THE FINAL DETAILS WHEN IT
COMES TO A DEAL ON TIKTOK.
IT IS IN THE NICK OF TIME.
WEDNESDAY IS THE REPORTED DATE
FOR DIFFERENT REASONS.
IT IS ALSO THE DEADLINE FOR A
DEAL ON TIKTOK.
THIS LIKELY MEANS PRESIDENT
TRUMP WILL EXTEND IT FURTHER SO
THEY CAN GET THE IMPLEMENTATION
UNDERWAY.
WE ARE STILL WAITING FOR WHAT
THE DEAL IS GOING TO LOOK LIKE.
I WILL POINT OUT WE REPORTED
EARLIER THIS YEAR THE U.S.
WAS AIMING FOR A NEW U.S.-BASED
VERSION OWNED AND OPERATED BY A
MAJORITY OF AMERICAN INVESTORS
IN THE GOAL WAS TO HAVE
BYTEDANCE'S HOLDINGS PRODUCED
BELOW 20%.
AS WE WAIT FOR DETAILS, ONE
THING FOR SURE, WE WILL BE
LOOKING FOR SECURITY GUARANTEES.
AT THE HEART OF THIS, THIS TEST
CAP OFF A YEARS LONG BATTLE
AFTER WE SAW U.S.
LAWMAKERS PASSED THE LAW
BANNING TIKTOK OVER SECURITY
CONCERNS.
WE KNOW THE WHITE HOUSE HAS
BEEN DEEPLY INVOLVED AFTER
FLIPPING PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
POSITION.
HE USED TO BE AGAINST THIS BUT
THE APPEAL OF YOUNG VOTERS
SEEMS TO HAVE HELPED SPUR THIS
ON. JONATHAN:
TYLER KENDALL, THANK YOU.
CONCLUDING REMARKS OUT OF SPAIN
ON TIKTOK OF ALL THINGS.
NOT TO BREAK THROUGH MANY IN
THE MARKET WERE HOPING FOR.
LISA: THEY WERE HOPING FOR SOME
LARGER FRAMEWORK FOR TRADE.
META SHARES SLIGHTLY LOWER IT
WITH THE IDEA THEY WOULD
BENEFIT POTENTIALLY FROM TIKTOK
GETTING BANNED.
ORACLE SHARES UP DRAMATICALLY
PREMARKET AFTER LARRY ELLISON
WAS ONE OF THE RUMORED MEMBERS
WHO COULD BE INVOLVED IN
BRINGING TIKTOK TO THE UNITED
STATES.
INTERESTING TO SEE THOSE SHARES
UP 4%. JONATHAN:
THIS IS SOMETHING THAT CAME UP
WITH THE PRESIDENT OVER TIKTOK,
WALMART IN THE MIX AS WELL.
LISA:
IT IS INTERESTING TO SEE HOW
MUCH MARKETS ARE MOVING ON THIS.
IF YOU WANT TO WATCH FOR
ANOTHER MOVE, JUST WAIT AND
WATCH ON THAT. JONATHAN:
LOOKING AHEAD TO THE REST OF
THE WEEK.
GREG PETERS OF PGIM HAS THIS TO
SAY. THERE'S A CHANCE OF A MILD
RECESSION, WE SEE LIMITED CRASH
RISK.
GREG JOINS US NOW FOR MORE.
I WOULD LOVE AN UPDATE ON WHERE
YOU ARE NOW.
THE LAST TIME WE SPOKE, HE
TALKED ABOUT THE RISK OF A
REPEAT OF LAST YEAR.
WE STARTED TO SEE STABILITY
RETURN TO THE LONG END OF THE
CURVE.
YOU TAKE COMFORT FROM THAT?
GREG:
THERE HAS DEFINITELY BEEN A
REVERSAL.
WE HAVE SEEN IT REVERSE ITSELF
THE LAST WEEK OR SO.
I AM NOT CONVINCED THAT IS HOW
IT WILL CONTINUE TO PLAY OUT.
I STILL THINK THE RISK IN THE
SYSTEM IS FOR STEEPER CURVES.
YOU LOOK AT WHERE WE ARE
ECONOMICALLY, YOU HAVE JUST
TALKED ABOUT THE FISCAL LIFT I
THINK YOU WILL SEE.
YOU WILL SEE MORE MONETARY
STIMULUS.
YOU ARE SEEING THE EFFECTS OF
TARIFFS COME THROUGH.
YOU SEE A LOT OF THE BREAKING
DOWN OF INSTITUTIONAL NORMS.
ALL THESE FACTORS I THINK WILL
LEAD TO MORE PRESSURE ON THE
BACK END.
AT THE SAME TIME, EVERYTHING
WILL GET PULLED DOWN.
THE QUESTION IS, HOW WILL THE
BACK END GET PULLED DOWN?
WILL IT BE 1/:1 OR 1:1.5?
I JUST DON'T KNOW. LISA:
I'M WONDERING WHAT THE REACTION
FUNCTION IS TO WEDNESDAY'S
ANNOUNCEMENT.
IF THERE IS A DOVISH BIAS TO
WHAT THE FED DOES, DO YOU SEE
THE STEEPING CURVE REINSTATE
ITSELF OR DO YOU THINK THE
MARKET IS IN A DIFFERENT FRAME
OF THOUGHT? GREG:
I THINK THE ANSWER IS BOTH.
I DO THINK THERE IS AN
EXPECTATION THE FED WILL DO 25.
I DO NOT THINK ANYONE WOULD BE
SHOCKED BY A MORE DOVISH YEAR
COULD THAT IS WHERE MARKETS ARE
LEANING.
THAT SHOULD LARGELY BE IN THE
PRICE.
IT IS IMPORTANT TO NOTE THE
INFLATIONARY EFFECTS HAVE NOT
COME THROUGH YET FROM A TARIFF
STANDPOINT.
IF THIS ADMINISTRATION AND FED
IS TRYING TO GOOSE HOUSING,
THAT IS AN AREA THAT HAS PULLED
DOWN INFLATION.
IT HAS BEEN A DISINFLATIONARY
ENVIRONMENT ON THE HOUSING
FRONT.
IF YOU DO PROGRAMS AND POLICIES
TO REIGNITE HOUSING, THAT
SHOULD ALSO PUT PRESSURE ON THE
BACK END OF THE CURVE. LISA:
WHAT DO YOU LIKE RIGHT NOW?
ARE YOU GOING TO HIGH-YIELD
BONDS AND CASH? GREG:
WE LIKE WHAT WE CONTINUE TO
LIKE ALL ALONG.
THAT IS A SAFE CARRY TRADE.
I THINK THE ENVIRONMENT IS IN
DECENT SHAPE.
THERE IS A RISK YOU COULD
OVERHEAT GIVEN THE POLICIES WE
TALKED ABOUT.
AS A CREDIT INVESTOR, I DO NOT
SEE A LOT OF VALUE.
CREDIT SPREADS ARE TIGHT.
THE BET YOU ARE MAKING TO
BELONG CREDIT IS YOU HAVE TO GO
THROUGH ALL-TIME HEIGHTS.
IT IS ABOUT SAFE CARRY, THE
INTERMEDIATE PART OF THE CURVE.
I STILL THINK THE BACK END OF
THE CURVES ARE QUITE
SUSCEPTIBLE HERE. JONATHAN:
I WOULD LOVE YOUR RESPONSE TO
THIS THAT JUST CAME IN.
WHEN YOU AGREE WITH THAT, IS
THAT THE RISK INTO WEDNESDAY?
GREG:
I THINK THAT IS A PERSISTENT
RISK.
MARKETS ARE ALWAYS AHEAD OF
WHERE CENTRAL BANKERS TEND TO
BE. I DO NOT THINK THAT IS A
COMPLETE SHOCK.
3% IS IN THE NEUTRAL RANGE,
MAYBE EVEN A LITTLE LOWER THAN
NEUTRAL.
GET TO NEUTRAL, SEE HOW THE
ECONOMY RESPONDS.
MARKETS HAVE A TENDENCY TO GET
AHEAD OF ITSELF.
I DO NOT THINK IT IS DIFFERENT
THIS TIME AROUND. JONATHAN:
THANK YOU.
CATCH UP WITH YOU LATER THIS
WEEK.
GREG PETERS OF PGIM ON THE FED
DECISION.
WHAT A 60 MINUTES THIS HAS BEEN.
CONCLUDING REMARKS FROM SPAIN.
A PUSH TO MOVE AWAY FROM
QUARTERLY EARNINGS FROM THE
PRESIDENT SOMETHING ON A
SIX-MONTH BASIS.
MAYBE SOME OUTCOME ON TIKTOK
WITH VERY LITTLE DETAIL. LISA:
HEADLINES KEEP COMING.
SECRETARY BESSENT SPEAKING TO
REPORTERS, THIS HEADLINE JUST
CROSSED.
THEY DISCUSSED THE POOR TIMING
OF THE NVIDIA INVESTIGATION,
THAT IS HOW HE FRAMED IT, GIVEN
THE FACT CHINA HAS COME OUT
ABOUT ANTIMONOPOLY LAWS.
THIS IS AN ACTIVE
ADMINISTRATION AND A VERY
CONFIDENT MARKET.
THAT SEEMS TO BE THE
CONTRADICTION. JONATHAN:
SUGGESTING THE U.S.
IS OPEN TO EXTENDING THE TRUCE
WITH CHINA.
COMING UP THIS WEEK -- FROM NEW
YORK CITY THIS MORNING, GOOD
MORNING. THIS WAS "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE."